verb	verb	noun
verbs	verb	noun:plural
verb	verb	verb:simple_present+transitive
verbs	verb	verb:simple_present+transitive
verbed	verb	verb:simple_past+transitive
verbed	verb	verb:past_participle+transitive
verbing	verb	verb:present_participle+transitive
verbing	verb	verb:present_participle
van	van	noun
vivify	vivify	verb:simple_present+
vivifies	vivify	verb:simple_present+
vivified	vivify	verb:simple_past+
vivified	vivify	verb:past_participle+
vivifying	vivify	verb:present_participle+
viswam	viswam	noun
viable	viable	adjective
vortaro	vortaro	noun
vi	vi	proper noun
vi	vi	proper noun
Venezuela	Venezuela	proper noun
Vietnam	Vietnam	proper noun
Vanuatu	Vanuatu	proper noun
violet	violet	noun
violet	violet	adjective
vowel	vowel	noun
vowels	vowel	noun:plural
vocative	vocative	adjective
vocative	vocative	noun
vegetable	vegetable	noun
vegetable	vegetable	adjective
very	very	adverbe
visit	visit	verb:simple_present+
visits	visit	verb:simple_present+
visited	visit	verb:simple_past+
visited	visit	verb:past_participle+
visiting	visit	verb:present_participle+
visiting	visit	verb:present_participle
visit	visit	noun
visits	visit	noun:plural
vermilion	vermilion	noun
vermilion	vermilion	adjective
Victoria	Victoria	proper noun
voice	voice	noun
voice	voice	verb:simple_present+transitive
voices	voice	verb:simple_present+transitive
voiced	voice	verb:simple_past+transitive
voiced	voice	verb:past_participle+transitive
voicing	voice	verb:present_participle+transitive
voice	voice	verb:simple_present+intransitive
voices	voice	verb:simple_present+intransitive
voiced	voice	verb:simple_past+intransitive
voiced	voice	verb:past_participle+intransitive
voicing	voice	verb:present_participle+intransitive
vernacular	vernacular	noun
vernacular	vernacular	adjective
virtue	virtue	noun
velocity	velocity	noun
vocal	vocal	adjective
vocal	vocal	noun
vapor	vapor	noun
verbal	verbal	adjective
verbal	verbal	noun
verbals	verbal	noun:plural
verbal	verbal	verb:simple_present+transitive
verbals	verbal	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	verbal	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	verbal	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	verbal	verb:present_participle+transitive
volatile	volatile	adjective
vel	vel	noun
velatik	velatik	adjective
velsaynik	velsaynik	adjective
veluvik	veluvik	adjective
vendel	vendel	noun
venom	venom	noun
venenoyfik	venenoyfik	adjective
venenik	venenik	adjective
veraytik	veraytik	adjective
vifoy	vifoy	interjection
vertebrate	vertebrate	adjective
vertebrate	vertebrate	noun
vermouth	vermouth	noun
vermut	vermut	noun
violin	violin	noun
violins	violin	noun:plural
vegoil	vegoil	noun
vulture	vulture	noun
vole	vole	noun
voles	vole	noun:plural
vomit	vomit	verb:simple_present+
vomits	vomit	verb:simple_present+
vomited	vomit	verb:simple_past+
vomited	vomit	verb:past_participle+
???	vomit	verb:present_participle+
vomit	vomit	noun
vacuum	vacuum	noun
vacuums	vacuum	noun:plural
vacuum	vacuum	verb:simple_present+
vacuums	vacuum	verb:simple_present+
vacuumed	vacuum	verb:simple_past+
vacuumed	vacuum	verb:past_participle+
vacuuming	vacuum	verb:present_participle+
vacuum	vacuum	verb:simple_present+
vacuums	vacuum	verb:simple_present+
vacuumed	vacuum	verb:simple_past+
vacuumed	vacuum	verb:past_participle+
vacuuming	vacuum	verb:present_participle+
vacuuming	vacuum	verb:present_participle
volume	volume	noun
vein	vein	noun
veins	vein	noun:plural
vein	vein	noun
vertical	vertical	adjective
vote	vote	verb:simple_present+
votes	vote	verb:simple_present+
voted	vote	verb:simple_past+
voted	vote	verb:past_participle+
voting	vote	verb:present_participle+
vote	vote	noun
v	v	letter
v	v	noun
valve	valve	noun
valves	valve	noun:plural
valve	valve	verb:simple_present+transitive
valves	valve	verb:simple_present+transitive
valved	valve	verb:simple_past+transitive
valved	valve	verb:past_participle+transitive
valving	valve	verb:present_participle+transitive
venturi	venturi	noun
vessel	vessel	noun
ventripotent	ventripotent	adjective
vociferance	vociferance	noun
vociferant	vociferant	adjective
vociferate	vociferate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
vociferates	vociferate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
vociferated	vociferate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
vociferated	vociferate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
vociferating	vociferate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
vociferate	vociferate	verb:simple_present+transitive
vociferates	vociferate	verb:simple_present+transitive
vociferated	vociferate	verb:simple_past+transitive
vociferated	vociferate	verb:past_participle+transitive
vociferating	vociferate	verb:present_participle+transitive
vociferation	vociferation	noun
vapaa	vapaa	adjective
vapaa	vapaa	noun
Vietnamese	Vietnamese	adjective
Vietnamese	Vietnamese	noun
Vietnamese	Vietnamese	noun
view	view	noun
views	view	noun:plural
view	view	verb:simple_present+transitive
views	view	verb:simple_present+transitive
viewed	view	verb:simple_past+transitive
viewed	view	verb:past_participle+transitive
viewing	view	verb:present_participle+transitive
viewing	view	verb:present_participle
verlan	verlan	noun
vivisect	vivisect	verb:simple_present+transitive
vivisects	vivisect	verb:simple_present+transitive
vivisected	vivisect	verb:simple_past+transitive
vivisected	vivisect	verb:past_participle+transitive
vivisecting	vivisect	verb:present_participle+transitive
vivisection	vivisection	noun
vivisectional	vivisectional	adjective
vivisectionist	vivisectionist	noun
vivisector	vivisector	noun
void	void	noun
void	void	verb:simple_present+transitive
voids	void	verb:simple_present+transitive
voided	void	verb:simple_past+transitive
voided	void	verb:past_participle+transitive
voiding	void	verb:present_participle+transitive
void	void	adjective
vanadium	vanadium	noun
voyager	voyager	noun
voyagers	voyager	noun:plural
vat	vat	noun
vats	vat	noun:plural
vier	vier	verb:simple_present+
viers	vier	verb:simple_present+
viered	vier	verb:simple_past+
viered	vier	verb:past_participle+
viering	vier	verb:present_participle+
Vulcan	Vulcan	proper noun
Virginian	Virginian	proper noun
vague	vague	adjective
vodka	vodka	noun
vodka	vodka	noun
vegan	vegan	noun
vegans	vegan	noun:plural
vegan	vegan	adjective
vegetarian	vegetarian	noun
vegetarians	vegetarian	noun:plural
vegetarian	vegetarian	adjective
visa	visa	noun
vulpine	vulpine	adjective
voltage	voltage	noun
venal	venal	adjective
vector	vector	noun
vectors	vector	noun:plural
vector	vector	verb:simple_present+
vectors	vector	verb:simple_present+
???	vector	verb:simple_past+
???	vector	verb:past_participle+
???	vector	verb:present_participle+
vilify	vilify	verb:simple_present+transitive
vilifies	vilify	verb:simple_present+transitive
vilified	vilify	verb:simple_past+transitive
vilified	vilify	verb:past_participle+transitive
vilifying	vilify	verb:present_participle+transitive
valencia	valencia	proper noun
valparaiso	valparaiso	proper noun
Vancouver	Vancouver	proper noun
Venice	Venice	proper noun
Verona	Verona	proper noun
Virginia	Virginia	proper noun
Vienna	Vienna	proper noun
Vientiane	Vientiane	proper noun
Vladivostok	Vladivostok	proper noun
verisimilitude	verisimilitude	noun
veep	veep	noun
veeps	veep	noun:plural
veepa	veepa	noun
village	village	noun
vent	vent	noun
vent	vent	verb:simple_present+intransitive
vents	vent	verb:simple_present+intransitive
vented	vent	verb:simple_past+intransitive
vented	vent	verb:past_participle+intransitive
venting	vent	verb:present_participle+intransitive
vent	vent	verb:simple_present+transitive
vents	vent	verb:simple_present+transitive
vented	vent	verb:simple_past+transitive
vented	vent	verb:past_participle+transitive
venting	vent	verb:present_participle+transitive
vocalist	vocalist	noun
vocalists	vocalist	noun:plural
vanguard	vanguard	noun
Veneto	Veneto	proper noun
venezuelan	venezuelan	noun
venezuelan	venezuelan	adjective
Vanuatuan	Vanuatuan	noun
Vanuatuan	Vanuatuan	adjective
Viennese	Viennese	noun
varese	varese	proper noun
Verbano-Cusio-Ossola	Verbano-Cusio-Ossola	proper noun
vercelli	vercelli	proper noun
vicenza	vicenza	proper noun
viterbo	viterbo	proper noun
Ventimiglia	Ventimiglia	proper noun
volt	volt	noun
violence	violence	noun
vanish	vanish	verb:simple_present+
vanishs	vanish	verb:simple_present+
vanished	vanish	verb:simple_past+
vanished	vanish	verb:past_participle+
vanishing	vanish	verb:present_participle+
visible	visible	adjective
varna	varna	proper noun
varna	varna	noun
varnas	varna	noun:plural
varna	varna	proper noun
vidin	vidin	proper noun
vratsa	vratsa	proper noun
vaasa	vaasa	proper noun
vulcanologist	vulcanologist	noun
volcanologist	volcanologist	noun
vulcanology	vulcanology	noun
volcanology	volcanology	noun
venomous	venomous	adjective
valley	valley	noun
valleys	valley	noun:plural
Volos	Volos	proper noun
values	values	noun
video	video	noun
videos	video	noun:plural
virtual	virtual	adjective
vision	vision	noun
visions	vision	noun:plural
vaduz	vaduz	proper noun
Valletta	Valletta	proper noun
vegetarianism	vegetarianism	noun
vixen	vixen	noun
vixens	vixen	noun:plural
vita	vita	noun
voco	voco	noun
Venus	Venus	proper noun
via	via	preposition
veto	veto	noun
vetoes	veto	noun:plural
veto	veto	verb:simple_present+transitive
vetoes	veto	verb:simple_present+transitive
vetoed	veto	verb:simple_past+transitive
vetoed	veto	verb:past_participle+transitive
vetoing	veto	verb:present_participle+transitive
vetoing	veto	verb:present_participle
value	value	noun
value	value	verb:simple_present+
values	value	verb:simple_present+
valued	value	verb:simple_past+
valued	value	verb:past_participle+
valuing	value	verb:present_participle+
vehicle	vehicle	noun
vines	vines	noun
vain	vain	adjective
vane	vane	noun
vinculum	vinculum	noun
vinculums	vinculum	noun:plural
vaporware	vaporware	noun
vanya	vanya	adjective
viper	viper	noun
vespine	vespine	adjective
vacation	vacation	noun
vacations	vacation	noun:plural
vacation	vacation	verb:simple_present+intransitive
vacations	vacation	verb:simple_present+intransitive
vacationed	vacation	verb:simple_past+intransitive
vacationed	vacation	verb:past_participle+intransitive
vacationing	vacation	verb:present_participle+intransitive
vulcanize	vulcanize	verb:simple_present+
vulcanizes	vulcanize	verb:simple_present+
vulcanized	vulcanize	verb:simple_past+
vulcanized	vulcanize	verb:past_participle+
vulcanizing	vulcanize	verb:present_participle+
varnish	varnish	noun
varnishes	varnish	noun:plural
varnish	varnish	verb:simple_present+
varnishs	varnish	verb:simple_present+
varnished	varnish	verb:simple_past+
varnished	varnish	verb:past_participle+
varnishing	varnish	verb:present_participle+
vestry	vestry	noun
visionary	visionary	adjective
visionary	visionary	noun
vendor	vendor	noun
vendors	vendor	noun:plural
vandalism	vandalism	noun
vandal	vandal	noun
vandals	vandal	noun:plural
vandal	vandal	adjective
vandalize	vandalize	verb:simple_present+
vandalizes	vandalize	verb:simple_present+
vandalized	vandalize	verb:simple_past+
vandalized	vandalize	verb:past_participle+
vandalizing	vandalize	verb:present_participle+
varmint	varmint	noun
vermin	vermin	noun
vellum	vellum	noun
velcro	velcro	noun
velcro	velcro	adjective
velcro	velcro	verb:simple_present+
velcroes	velcro	verb:simple_present+
velcroed	velcro	verb:simple_past+
velcroed	velcro	verb:past_participle+
velcroing	velcro	verb:present_participle+
valuable	valuable	adjective
vary	vary	verb:simple_present+
varies	vary	verb:simple_present+
varied	vary	verb:simple_past+
varied	vary	verb:past_participle+
varying	vary	verb:present_participle+
variable	variable	adjective
variable	variable	noun
vacillate	vacillate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
vacillates	vacillate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
vacillated	vacillate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
vacillated	vacillate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
vacillating	vacillate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
vertex	vertex	noun
vinotherapy	vinotherapy	noun
versatile	versatile	adjective
valach	valach	noun
valach	valach	proper noun
vagabond	vagabond	noun
Valais	Valais	proper noun
Vaud	Vaud	proper noun
vnuk	vnuk	noun
villager	villager	noun
vlk	vlk	noun
vicarious	vicarious	adjective
visceral	visceral	adjective
vicissitude	vicissitude	noun
vicissitudes	vicissitude	noun:plural
v-chip	v-chip	noun
vase	vase	noun
vases	vase	noun:plural
vale	vale	noun
vale	vale	noun
vale	vale	interjection
vulgar	vulgar	adjective
vice	vice	noun
vices	vice	noun:plural
vampire	vampire	noun
virama	virama	noun
veg	veg	verb:simple_present+
vegs	veg	verb:simple_present+
???	veg	verb:simple_past+
???	veg	verb:past_participle+
???	veg	verb:present_participle+
vanquish	vanquish	verb:simple_present+
vanquishs	vanquish	verb:simple_present+
vanquished	vanquish	verb:simple_past+
vanquished	vanquish	verb:past_participle+
vanquishing	vanquish	verb:present_participle+
virus	virus	noun
vociferous	vociferous	adjective
visage	visage	noun
vocation	vocation	noun
vermiculate	vermiculate	verb:simple_present+
vermiculates	vermiculate	verb:simple_present+
vermiculated	vermiculate	verb:simple_past+
vermiculated	vermiculate	verb:past_participle+
vermiculating	vermiculate	verb:present_participle+
vast	vast	adjective
vapour	vapour	noun
vagina	vagina	noun
vanilla	vanilla	noun
vanilla	vanilla	adjective
vaagmer	vaagmer	noun
vaffanculo	vaffanculo	interjection
va	va	interjection
val	val	proper noun
victim	victim	noun
vrana	vrana	noun
vara	vara	noun
vanward	vanward	adjective
vanward	vanward	adverbe
vojna	vojna	noun
vzduch	vzduch	noun
vedec	vedec	noun
veda	veda	noun
voyage	voyage	noun
venison	venison	noun
violent	violent	adjective
verse	verse	noun
vineyard	vineyard	noun
vine	vine	noun
venue	venue	noun
venew	venew	noun
veney	veney	noun
visne	visne	noun
vum	vum	verb:simple_present+
vums	vum	verb:simple_present+
???	vum	verb:simple_past+
???	vum	verb:past_participle+
???	vum	verb:present_participle+
velar	velar	adjective
velar	velar	noun
vend	vend	verb:simple_present+
vends	vend	verb:simple_present+
vended	vend	verb:simple_past+
vended	vend	verb:past_participle+
vending	vend	verb:present_participle+
vending	vend	verb:present_participle
vial	vial	noun
vials	vial	noun:plural
vetch	vetch	noun
vetches	vetch	noun:plural
veiny	veiny	adjective
virgin	virgin	noun
virgins	virgin	noun:plural
virgin	virgin	adjective
virginity	virginity	noun
v.	v.	proper noun
v.	v.	proper noun
viz	viz	adverbe
verbose	verbose	adjective
vittu	vittu	interjection
vest	vest	noun
vests	vest	noun:plural
vet	vet	noun
vets	vet	noun:plural
vet	vet	verb:simple_present+
vets	vet	verb:simple_present+
???	vet	verb:simple_past+
???	vet	verb:past_participle+
???	vet	verb:present_participle+
velocipede	velocipede	noun
visor	visor	noun
visors	visor	noun:plural
vysar	vysar	noun
vysars	vysar	noun:plural
vambasium	vambasium	noun
vambrace	vambrace	noun
vambraces	vambrace	noun:plural
vortex	vortex	noun
vortices	vortex	noun:plural
visarga	visarga	noun
voluptuous	voluptuous	adjective
vatic	vatic	adjective
velopharyngeal	velopharyngeal	adjective
velopharyngeal	velopharyngeal	noun
virago	virago	noun
virile	virile	adjective
virile	virile	adjective
virtuosa	virtuosa	noun
virtuoso	virtuoso	noun
virtuoso	virtuoso	adjective
vivid	vivid	adjective
verbatim	verbatim	adverbe
verbatim	verbatim	adjective
verbatim	verbatim	noun
verbatims	verbatim	noun:plural
visibility	visibility	noun
vail	vail	noun
valine	valine	noun
vamp	vamp	noun
vamp	vamp	verb:simple_present+
vamps	vamp	verb:simple_present+
vamped	vamp	verb:simple_past+
vamped	vamp	verb:past_participle+
vamping	vamp	verb:present_participle+
vamper	vamper	noun
vanner	vanner	noun
varier	varier	noun
vaunt	vaunt	verb:simple_present+
vaunts	vaunt	verb:simple_present+
vaunted	vaunt	verb:simple_past+
vaunted	vaunt	verb:past_participle+
vaunting	vaunt	verb:present_participle+
vee	vee	noun
veery	veery	noun
veldt	veldt	noun
verier	verier	adjective
verser	verser	noun
vetoer	vetoer	noun
vie	vie	verb:simple_present+
vies	vie	verb:simple_present+
vied	vie	verb:simple_past+
vied	vie	verb:past_participle+
vying	vie	verb:present_participle+
vis	vis	noun
voider	voider	noun
volta	volta	noun
victory	victory	noun
vigorous	vigorous	adjective
valid	valid	adjective
virilia	virilia	noun
vile	vile	adjective
vassal	vassal	noun
vassal	vassal	verb:simple_present+
vassals	vassal	verb:simple_present+
???	vassal	verb:simple_past+
???	vassal	verb:past_participle+
???	vassal	verb:present_participle+
vassal	vassal	adjective
veal	veal	noun
vedette	vedette	noun
veil	veil	noun
verbena	verbena	noun
vestal	vestal	adjective
vestige	vestige	noun
vestigial	vestigial	adjective
vicariously	vicariously	adverbe
vignette	vignette	noun
vignette	vignette	verb:simple_present+
vignettes	vignette	verb:simple_present+
vignetted	vignette	verb:simple_past+
vignetted	vignette	verb:past_participle+
vignetting	vignette	verb:present_participle+
vilayet	vilayet	noun
vinaigrette	vinaigrette	noun
vindicate	vindicate	verb:simple_present+
vindicates	vindicate	verb:simple_present+
vindicated	vindicate	verb:simple_past+
vindicated	vindicate	verb:past_participle+
vindicating	vindicate	verb:present_participle+
volcanic	volcanic	adjective
voluminous	voluminous	adjective
volunteer	volunteer	adjective
volunteer	volunteer	noun
volunteers	volunteer	noun:plural
vow	vow	noun
vows	vow	noun:plural
vow	vow	verb:simple_present+
vows	vow	verb:simple_present+
vowed	vow	verb:simple_past+
vowed	vow	verb:past_participle+
???	vow	verb:present_participle+
valor	valor	noun
vouch	vouch	noun
vouch	vouch	verb:simple_present+
vouchs	vouch	verb:simple_present+
vouched	vouch	verb:simple_past+
vouched	vouch	verb:past_participle+
vouching	vouch	verb:present_participle+
valour	valour	noun
venerate	venerate	verb:simple_present+transitive
venerates	venerate	verb:simple_present+transitive
venerated	venerate	verb:simple_past+transitive
venerated	venerate	verb:past_participle+transitive
venerating	venerate	verb:present_participle+transitive
viral	viral	adjective
veganism	veganism	noun
vote-by-mail	vote-by-mail	adjective
vote-by-mail	vote-by-mail	noun
vav	vav	noun
vau	vau	noun
vau	vau	interjection
vexation	vexation	noun
vexations	vexation	noun:plural
variety	variety	noun
variation	variation	noun
variations	variation	noun:plural
volcano	volcano	noun
vuommeco	vuommeco	noun
veterinarian	veterinarian	noun
Varuna	Varuna	proper noun
Venusian	Venusian	noun
Venusians	Venusian	noun:plural
Venusian	Venusian	adjective
venereal	venereal	adjective
vitamin	vitamin	noun
veritable	veritable	adjective
verify	verify	verb:simple_present+transitive
verifies	verify	verb:simple_present+transitive
verified	verify	verb:simple_past+transitive
verified	verify	verb:past_participle+transitive
verifying	verify	verb:present_participle+transitive
verbiage	verbiage	noun
variant	variant	noun
victor	victor	noun
victor	victor	proper noun
virtuous	virtuous	adjective
various	various	adjective
viola	viola	interjection
vapid	vapid	adjective
voiceless	voiceless	adjective
vacillation	vacillation	noun
valentine	valentine	noun
vicar	vicar	noun
viviparous	viviparous	adjective
viviparous	viviparous	adverbe
violation	violation	noun
verecund	verecund	adjective
vegemite	vegemite	proper noun
villa	villa	noun
villain	villain	noun
Vermont	Vermont	proper noun
vitriolic	vitriolic	adjective
vocabulary	vocabulary	noun
vocabularies	vocabulary	noun:plural
verbify	verbify	verb:simple_present+transitive
verbifies	verbify	verb:simple_present+transitive
verbified	verbify	verb:simple_past+transitive
verbified	verbify	verb:past_participle+transitive
verbifying	verbify	verb:present_participle+transitive
verbifying	verbify	verb:present_participle
verbification	verbification	noun
viviparously	viviparously	adverbe
viviparousness	viviparousness	noun
vixenish	vixenish	adjective
vixenly	vixenly	adjective
vizard	vizard	noun
vizarded	vizarded	adjective
vigour	vigour	noun
vigour	vigour	verb:simple_present+transitive
vigours	vigour	verb:simple_present+transitive
vigoured	vigour	verb:simple_past+transitive
vigoured	vigour	verb:past_participle+transitive
vigouring	vigour	verb:present_participle+transitive
versus	versus	preposition
vigilance	vigilance	noun
version	version	noun
versions	version	noun:plural
vital	vital	adjective
victual	victual	noun
victual	victual	verb:simple_present+
victuals	victual	verb:simple_present+
victualed	victual	verb:simple_past+
victualed	victual	verb:past_participle+
victualing	victual	verb:present_participle+
victualer	victualer	noun
vindictive	vindictive	adjective
voodoo	voodoo	noun
vertigo	vertigo	noun
vacuous	vacuous	adjective
vagrant	vagrant	noun
vacant	vacant	adjective
vacancy	vacancy	noun
vacancies	vacancy	noun:plural
vacate	vacate	verb:simple_present+
vacates	vacate	verb:simple_present+
vacated	vacate	verb:simple_past+
vacated	vacate	verb:past_participle+
vacating	vacate	verb:present_participle+
valet	valet	noun
vanity	vanity	noun
vin	vin	proper noun
Vincent	Vincent	proper noun
volvo	volvo	proper noun
vault	vault	noun
vault	vault	verb:simple_present+transitive
vaults	vault	verb:simple_present+transitive
vaulted	vault	verb:simple_past+transitive
vaulted	vault	verb:past_participle+transitive
vaulting	vault	verb:present_participle+transitive
villein	villein	noun
validate	validate	verb:simple_present+
validates	validate	verb:simple_present+
validated	validate	verb:simple_past+
validated	validate	verb:past_participle+
validating	validate	verb:present_participle+
veer	veer	verb:simple_present+
veers	veer	verb:simple_present+
veered	veer	verb:simple_past+
veered	veer	verb:past_participle+
veering	veer	verb:present_participle+
velvet	velvet	noun
verge	verge	noun
verge	verge	verb:simple_present+intransitive
verges	verge	verb:simple_present+intransitive
verged	verge	verb:simple_past+intransitive
verged	verge	verb:past_participle+intransitive
verging	verge	verb:present_participle+intransitive
vengeance	vengeance	noun
venture	venture	noun
venture	venture	verb:simple_present+
ventures	venture	verb:simple_present+
ventured	venture	verb:simple_past+
ventured	venture	verb:past_participle+
venturing	venture	verb:present_participle+
validity	validity	noun
vibe	vibe	noun
vibraphone	vibraphone	noun
vaccine	vaccine	noun
verdict	verdict	noun
vegetation	vegetation	noun
vegetate	vegetate	verb:simple_present+
vegetates	vegetate	verb:simple_present+
vegetated	vegetate	verb:simple_past+
vegetated	vegetate	verb:past_participle+
vegetating	vegetate	verb:present_participle+
veneer	veneer	noun
voter	voter	noun
vituperation	vituperation	noun
voucher	voucher	noun
voracious	voracious	adjective
vibrator	vibrator	noun
voluntary	voluntary	adjective
vasodilator	vasodilator	noun
viscosity	viscosity	noun
viscosities	viscosity	noun:plural
viscous	viscous	adjective
viscose	viscose	noun
vivacious	vivacious	adjective
velleity	velleity	noun
verandah	verandah	noun
videogame	videogame	noun
volfram	volfram	proper noun
virulent	virulent	adjective
vorpe	vorpe	noun
vivacity	vivacity	noun
vex	vex	verb:simple_present+transitive
vexs	vex	verb:simple_present+transitive
vexed	vex	verb:simple_past+transitive
vexed	vex	verb:past_participle+transitive
vexing	vex	verb:present_participle+transitive
vexing	vex	verb:present_participle
viva	viva	noun
valkyrie	valkyrie	noun
vacuole	vacuole	noun
vacuoles	vacuole	noun:plural
vesicle	vesicle	noun
vesicles	vesicle	noun:plural
vac	vac	noun
vulnerable	vulnerable	adjective
voltmeter	voltmeter	noun
valence	valence	noun
valences	valence	noun:plural
vext	vext	verb:simple_present+
vexts	vext	verb:simple_present+
vexted	vext	verb:simple_past+
vexted	vext	verb:past_participle+
vexting	vext	verb:present_participle+
viewing	viewing	verbal noun
viewing	viewing	noun
viewings	viewing	noun:plural
vogue	vogue	noun
vogue	vogue	proper noun
valiant	valiant	adjective
valueless	valueless	adjective
vehement	vehement	adjective
vibrate	vibrate	verb:simple_present+
vibrates	vibrate	verb:simple_present+
vibrated	vibrate	verb:simple_past+
vibrated	vibrate	verb:past_participle+
vibrating	vibrate	verb:present_participle+
vaccination	vaccination	noun
vincinal	vincinal	adjective
violate	violate	verb:simple_present+
violates	violate	verb:simple_present+
violated	violate	verb:simple_past+
violated	violate	verb:past_participle+
violating	violate	verb:present_participle+
visual	visual	adjective
vigesimal	vigesimal	adjective
viaticum	viaticum	noun
vaccinate	vaccinate	verb:simple_present+
vaccinates	vaccinate	verb:simple_present+
vaccinated	vaccinate	verb:simple_past+
vaccinated	vaccinate	verb:past_participle+
vaccinating	vaccinate	verb:present_participle+
vainglory	vainglory	noun
vainglorious	vainglorious	adjective
vagueness	vagueness	noun
valuation	valuation	noun
vantage	vantage	noun
vaporize	vaporize	verb:simple_present+
vaporizes	vaporize	verb:simple_present+
vaporized	vaporize	verb:simple_past+
vaporized	vaporize	verb:past_participle+
vaporizing	vaporize	verb:present_participle+
volley	volley	noun
volley	volley	verb:simple_present+
volleys	volley	verb:simple_present+
volleyed	volley	verb:simple_past+
volleyed	volley	verb:past_participle+
volleying	volley	verb:present_participle+
Viking	Viking	proper noun
vegetative	vegetative	adjective
Vernon	Vernon	proper noun
victualler	victualler	noun
ventral	ventral	adjective
vermiform	vermiform	adjective
verification	verification	noun
verifications	verification	noun:plural
veracity	veracity	noun
vaudeville	vaudeville	noun
Vertebrata	Vertebrata	proper noun
victionarium	victionarium	noun
valge	valge	adjective
valge	valge	noun
vrbas	vrbas	proper noun
ventry	ventry	proper noun
vermian	vermian	adjective
volar	volar	verb:simple_present+
volars	volar	verb:simple_present+
???	volar	verb:simple_past+
???	volar	verb:past_participle+
???	volar	verb:present_participle+
variorum	variorum	noun
vivar	vivar	verb:simple_present+
vivars	vivar	verb:simple_present+
???	vivar	verb:simple_past+
???	vivar	verb:past_participle+
???	vivar	verb:present_participle+
vokar	vokar	verb:simple_present+
vokars	vokar	verb:simple_present+
???	vokar	verb:simple_past+
???	vokar	verb:past_participle+
???	vokar	verb:present_participle+
venar	venar	verb:simple_present+
venars	venar	verb:simple_present+
???	venar	verb:simple_past+
???	venar	verb:past_participle+
???	venar	verb:present_participle+
varmega	varmega	adjective
variegated	variegated	adjective
voyeur	voyeur	noun
varmigar	varmigar	verb:simple_present+
varmigars	varmigar	verb:simple_present+
???	varmigar	verb:simple_past+
???	varmigar	verb:past_participle+
???	varmigar	verb:present_participle+
varmeso	varmeso	noun
vehar	vehar	verb:simple_present+
vehars	vehar	verb:simple_present+
???	vehar	verb:simple_past+
???	vehar	verb:past_participle+
???	vehar	verb:present_participle+
vartar	vartar	verb:simple_present+
vartars	vartar	verb:simple_present+
???	vartar	verb:simple_past+
???	vartar	verb:past_participle+
???	vartar	verb:present_participle+
voyajo	voyajo	noun
voyajar	voyajar	verb:simple_present+
voyajars	voyajar	verb:simple_present+
???	voyajar	verb:simple_past+
???	voyajar	verb:past_participle+
???	voyajar	verb:present_participle+
valise	valise	noun
vintage	vintage	noun
vintage	vintage	adjective
varietal	varietal	adjective
varietal	varietal	noun
vigilant	vigilant	adjective
vulgarism	vulgarism	noun
vulgarisms	vulgarism	noun:plural
vizitar	vizitar	verb:simple_present+
vizitars	vizitar	verb:simple_present+
???	vizitar	verb:simple_past+
???	vizitar	verb:past_participle+
???	vizitar	verb:present_participle+
vilajo	vilajo	noun
vaisakhi	vaisakhi	proper noun
vivanta	vivanta	adjective
vestibule	vestibule	noun
vulva	vulva	noun
verdant	verdant	adjective
verdure	verdure	noun
vertiginous	vertiginous	adjective
virtually	virtually	adverbe
vim	vim	noun
verballing	verballing	verbal noun
veggie	veggie	noun
voluptuary	voluptuary	noun
venial	venial	adjective
vacationist	vacationist	noun
vacationer	vacationer	noun
vaccinal	vaccinal	adjective
viceroyalty	viceroyalty	noun
variance	variance	noun
varicose	varicose	adjective
varicosis	varicosis	noun
vasectomy	vasectomy	noun
vasectomies	vasectomy	noun:plural
Vaseline	Vaseline	proper noun
vastness	vastness	noun
Vatican	Vatican	proper noun
vaulting	vaulting	noun
vaulting	vaulting	adjective
vehemence	vehemence	noun
veined	veined	adjective
veining	veining	noun
velveteen	velveteen	noun
vendetta	vendetta	noun
vendettas	vendetta	noun:plural
venerable	venerable	adjective
veneration	veneration	noun
vengeful	vengeful	adjective
ventilate	ventilate	verb:simple_present+transitive
ventilates	ventilate	verb:simple_present+transitive
ventilated	ventilate	verb:simple_past+transitive
ventilated	ventilate	verb:past_participle+transitive
ventilating	ventilate	verb:present_participle+transitive
ventilation	ventilation	noun
ventilator	ventilator	noun
ventricle	ventricle	noun
ventricles	ventricle	noun:plural
ventriloquist	ventriloquist	noun
ventriloquism	ventriloquism	noun
verbosity	verbosity	noun
verger	verger	noun
versed	versed	adjective
vested	vested	adjective
vestment	vestment	noun
vestments	vestment	noun:plural
veteran	veteran	noun
veteran	veteran	adjective
veterinary	veterinary	adjective
veterinary	veterinary	noun
veterinaries	veterinary	noun:plural
vexatious	vexatious	adjective
vexed	vexed	adjective
viaduct	viaduct	noun
vibrant	vibrant	adjective
vibration	vibration	noun
vicarage	vicarage	noun
viceroy	viceroy	noun
vicinity	vicinity	noun
vicinities	vicinity	noun:plural
vicious	vicious	adjective
viciousness	viciousness	noun
vicariance	vicariance	noun
virgate	virgate	noun
virgate	virgate	adjective
vertiport	vertiport	noun
versatilist	versatilist	noun
virility	virility	noun
variability	variability	noun
vercingetorix	vercingetorix	proper noun
verminate	verminate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
verminates	verminate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
verminated	verminate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
verminated	verminate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
verminating	verminate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
vernalization	vernalization	noun
Vinland	Vinland	proper noun
volleyball	volleyball	noun
voynichese	voynichese	proper noun
victimization	victimization	noun
victimize	victimize	verb:simple_present+transitive
victimizes	victimize	verb:simple_present+transitive
victimized	victimize	verb:simple_past+transitive
victimized	victimize	verb:past_participle+transitive
victimizing	victimize	verb:present_participle+transitive
Victorian	Victorian	adjective
Victorian	Victorian	noun
victorious	victorious	adjective
videocassette	videocassette	noun
videotape	videotape	noun
videotape	videotape	verb:simple_present+transitive
videotapes	videotape	verb:simple_present+transitive
videotaped	videotape	verb:simple_past+transitive
videotaped	videotape	verb:past_participle+transitive
videotaping	videotape	verb:present_participle+transitive
videodisc	videodisc	noun
viewer	viewer	noun
viewfinder	viewfinder	noun
viewpoint	viewpoint	noun
vigil	vigil	noun
vigorously	vigorously	adverbe
vilification	vilification	noun
villainous	villainous	adjective
villainy	villainy	noun
villiform	villiform	adjective
villus	villus	noun
vindication	vindication	noun
vindictiveness	vindictiveness	noun
vinegar	vinegar	noun
vinyl	vinyl	noun
vinyl	vinyl	adjective
virtualize	virtualize	verb:simple_present+transitive
virtualizes	virtualize	verb:simple_present+transitive
virtualized	virtualize	verb:simple_past+transitive
virtualized	virtualize	verb:past_participle+transitive
virtualizing	virtualize	verb:present_participle+transitive
viscount	viscount	noun
visitor	visitor	noun
vista	vista	noun
Vistula	Vistula	proper noun
visualize	visualize	verb:simple_present+
visualizes	visualize	verb:simple_present+
visualized	visualize	verb:simple_past+
visualized	visualize	verb:past_participle+
visualizing	visualize	verb:present_participle+
vitality	vitality	noun
vitalities	vitality	noun:plural
vitreous	vitreous	adjective
volition	volition	noun
voltaic	voltaic	adjective
voluble	voluble	adjective
voluntarily	voluntarily	adverbe
voluptuousness	voluptuousness	noun
vagary	vagary	noun
vulnerability	vulnerability	noun
vomitorium	vomitorium	noun
vodcast	vodcast	verb:simple_present+
vodcasts	vodcast	verb:simple_present+
vodcasted	vodcast	verb:simple_past+
vodcasted	vodcast	verb:past_participle+
vodcasting	vodcast	verb:present_participle+
vodcast	vodcast	noun
vodcasts	vodcast	noun:plural
victrola	victrola	noun
vicegerent	vicegerent	noun
vicegerents	vicegerent	noun:plural
vicegeral	vicegeral	adjective
vicegerency	vicegerency	noun
vicegerencies	vicegerency	noun:plural
viscus	viscus	noun
Viagra	Viagra	proper noun
vas	vas	noun
vouchsafe	vouchsafe	verb:simple_present+transitive
vouchsafes	vouchsafe	verb:simple_present+transitive
vouchsafed	vouchsafe	verb:simple_past+transitive
vouchsafed	vouchsafe	verb:past_participle+transitive
vouchsafing	vouchsafe	verb:present_participle+transitive
vouchsafe	vouchsafe	verb:simple_present+intransitive
vouchsafes	vouchsafe	verb:simple_present+intransitive
vouchsafed	vouchsafe	verb:simple_past+intransitive
vouchsafed	vouchsafe	verb:past_participle+intransitive
vouchsafing	vouchsafe	verb:present_participle+intransitive
vermiculite	vermiculite	noun
vermicompost	vermicompost	verb:simple_present+
vermicomposts	vermicompost	verb:simple_present+
vermicomposted	vermicompost	verb:simple_past+
vermicomposted	vermicompost	verb:past_participle+
vermicomposting	vermicompost	verb:present_participle+
vermicompost	vermicompost	noun
vermicelli	vermicelli	noun
vivisepulture	vivisepulture	noun
votive	votive	adjective
votive	votive	noun
vesta	vesta	proper noun
virid	virid	noun
virid	virid	adjective
viceregal	viceregal	adjective
viceregent	viceregent	noun
viceregents	viceregent	noun:plural
viceregency	viceregency	noun
viceregencies	viceregency	noun:plural
variants	variants	noun
vulnerary	vulnerary	adjective
vulnerary	vulnerary	noun
vulneraries	vulnerary	noun:plural
vitiligo	vitiligo	noun
Vojvodina	Vojvodina	proper noun
verisimilar	verisimilar	adjective
vinakata	vinakata	verb:simple_present+
vinakatas	vinakata	verb:simple_present+
vinakatad	vinakata	verb:simple_past+
vinakatad	vinakata	verb:past_participle+
vinakating	vinakata	verb:present_participle+
viridescent	viridescent	adjective
Venturi	Venturi	proper noun
Vilnius	Vilnius	proper noun
Vince	Vince	proper noun
Virgin	Virgin	proper noun
Virgo	Virgo	proper noun
Visa	Visa	proper noun
Viz	Viz	proper noun
Vorgehen	Vorgehen	noun
victoria	victoria	noun
vomer	vomer	noun
vomers	vomer	noun:plural
vertebral	vertebral	adjective
vibrato	vibrato	adverbe
veinlet	veinlet	noun
veinlets	veinlet	noun:plural
vicereine	vicereine	noun
vitriol	vitriol	noun
vitriol	vitriol	verb:simple_present+transitive
vitriols	vitriol	verb:simple_present+transitive
vitrioled	vitriol	verb:simple_past+transitive
vitrioled	vitriol	verb:past_participle+transitive
vitrioling	vitriol	verb:present_participle+transitive
vesica	vesica	noun
vinaceous	vinaceous	adjective
vinous	vinous	adjective
viridian	viridian	noun
viridian	viridian	adjective
Vasey	Vasey	proper noun
vlog	vlog	noun
vlogger	vlogger	noun
valgomas	valgomas	adjective
valerate	valerate	noun
valerian	valerian	noun
Valerian	Valerian	proper noun
vanadate	vanadate	noun
vulviform	vulviform	adjective
volte-face	volte-face	noun
Vancouverite	Vancouverite	noun
vascular	vascular	adjective
voice-over	voice-over	noun
Vishnu	Vishnu	proper noun
volunteers	volunteers	noun
Voltaire	Voltaire	proper noun
vicus	vicus	noun
vise	vise	noun
vises	vise	noun:plural
valva	valva	noun
viis	viis	interjection
vuh	vuh	interjection
vendredo	vendredo	noun
voices	voices	verb:simple_present+
voicess	voices	verb:simple_present+
???	voices	verb:simple_past+
???	voices	verb:past_participle+
???	voices	verb:present_participle+
vanished	vanished	verb:simple_present+
vanisheds	vanished	verb:simple_present+
???	vanished	verb:simple_past+
???	vanished	verb:past_participle+
???	vanished	verb:present_participle+
ventured	ventured	verb:simple_present+
ventureds	ventured	verb:simple_present+
???	ventured	verb:simple_past+
???	ventured	verb:past_participle+
???	ventured	verb:present_participle+
virement	virement	noun
vig	vig	noun
vigorish	vigorish	noun
veaiki	veaiki	noun
villosity	villosity	noun
villous	villous	adjective
verso	verso	noun
versos	verso	noun:plural
villian	villian	noun
varistor	varistor	noun
vented	vented	verb:simple_present+
venteds	vented	verb:simple_present+
???	vented	verb:simple_past+
???	vented	verb:past_participle+
???	vented	verb:present_participle+
vagus	vagus	noun
vanishing	vanishing	verb:simple_present+
vanishings	vanishing	verb:simple_present+
vanishinged	vanishing	verb:simple_past+
vanishinged	vanishing	verb:past_participle+
vanishinging	vanishing	verb:present_participle+
vintner	vintner	noun
versipellous	versipellous	adjective
versipel	versipel	noun
vulturine	vulturine	adjective
