September	September	noun
Saturday	Saturday	noun
Sunday	Sunday	proper noun
synonym	synonym	noun
synonyms	synonym	noun:plural
semantics	semantics	noun
swap	swap	noun
swap	swap	verb:simple_present+
swaps	swap	verb:simple_present+
???	swap	verb:simple_past+
???	swap	verb:past_participle+
???	swap	verb:present_participle+
swop	swop	noun
substantive	substantive	adjective
substantive	substantive	noun
sesquipedalianism	sesquipedalianism	noun
servant	servant	noun
servants	servant	noun:plural
season	season	noun
seasons	season	noun:plural
season	season	verb:simple_present+transitive
seasons	season	verb:simple_present+transitive
seasoned	season	verb:simple_past+transitive
seasoned	season	verb:past_participle+transitive
seasoning	season	verb:present_participle+transitive
seasoning	season	verb:present_participle
season	season	verb:simple_present+intransitive
seasons	season	verb:simple_present+intransitive
seasoned	season	verb:simple_past+intransitive
seasoned	season	verb:past_participle+intransitive
seasoning	season	verb:present_participle+intransitive
summer	summer	noun
spring	spring	noun
spring	spring	verb:simple_present+
springs	spring	verb:simple_present+
sprang	spring	verb:simple_past+
sprung	spring	verb:simple_past+
sprung	spring	verb:past_participle+
springing	spring	verb:present_participle+
star	star	noun
stars	star	noun:plural
star	star	verb:simple_present+
stars	star	verb:simple_present+
???	star	verb:simple_past+
???	star	verb:past_participle+
???	star	verb:present_participle+
starring	star	verb:present_participle
sky	sky	noun
skies	sky	noun:plural
shapeshift	shapeshift	verb:simple_present+
shapeshifts	shapeshift	verb:simple_present+
shapeshifted	shapeshift	verb:simple_past+
shapeshifted	shapeshift	verb:past_participle+
shapeshifting	shapeshift	verb:present_participle+
slushpile	slushpile	noun
seme	seme	noun
spacer	spacer	noun
second	second	noun
seconds	second	noun:plural
second	second	adjective
second	second	verb:simple_present+transitive
seconds	second	verb:simple_present+transitive
seconded	second	verb:simple_past+transitive
seconded	second	verb:past_participle+transitive
seconding	second	verb:present_participle+transitive
second	second	verb:simple_present+transitive
seconds	second	verb:simple_present+transitive
seconded	second	verb:simple_past+transitive
seconded	second	verb:past_participle+transitive
seconding	second	verb:present_participle+transitive
steganography	steganography	noun
sun	sun	proper noun
sun	sun	noun
subjectivism	subjectivism	noun
sabato	sabato	noun
singular	singular	noun
singular	singular	adjective
stock	stock	noun
stocks	stock	noun:plural
stock	stock	verb:simple_present+transitive
stocks	stock	verb:simple_present+transitive
stocked	stock	verb:simple_past+transitive
stocked	stock	verb:past_participle+transitive
stocking	stock	verb:present_participle+transitive
stocking	stock	verb:present_participle
stock	stock	adjective
secret	secret	noun
secrets	secret	noun:plural
secret	secret	adjective
Sweden	Sweden	proper noun
stickiness	stickiness	noun
slow	slow	adjective
slow	slow	verb:simple_present+
slows	slow	verb:simple_present+
???	slow	verb:simple_past+
???	slow	verb:past_participle+
???	slow	verb:present_participle+
scarp	scarp	noun
send	send	verb:simple_present+
sends	send	verb:simple_present+
sent	send	verb:simple_past+
sent	send	verb:past_participle+
sending	send	verb:present_participle+
sending	send	verb:present_participle
say	say	verb:simple_present+
says	say	verb:simple_present+
said	say	verb:simple_past+
said	say	verb:past_participle+
saying	say	verb:present_participle+
saying	say	verb:present_participle
shrink	shrink	verb:simple_present+
shrinks	shrink	verb:simple_present+
shrank	shrink	verb:simple_past+
shrunk	shrink	verb:simple_past+
shrunk	shrink	verb:past_participle+
shrunken	shrink	verb:past_participle+
shrinking	shrink	verb:present_participle+
shrink	shrink	noun
Switzerland	Switzerland	proper noun
sect	sect	noun
Spain	Spain	proper noun
standard	standard	noun
standard	standard	adjective
Sudan	Sudan	proper noun
Singapore	Singapore	proper noun
Slovenia	Slovenia	proper noun
Slovakia	Slovakia	proper noun
Senegal	Senegal	proper noun
Syria	Syria	proper noun
Swaziland	Swaziland	proper noun
skillful	skillful	adjective
skill	skill	noun
software	software	noun
Spanish	Spanish	adjective
Spanish	Spanish	noun
smiley	smiley	noun
smileys	smiley	noun:plural
shuttle	shuttle	noun
shuttle	shuttle	verb:simple_present+
shuttles	shuttle	verb:simple_present+
shuttled	shuttle	verb:simple_past+
shuttled	shuttle	verb:past_participle+
shuttling	shuttle	verb:present_participle+
Suriname	Suriname	proper noun
Somalia	Somalia	proper noun
storm	storm	noun
storm	storm	verb:simple_present+
storms	storm	verb:simple_present+
stormed	storm	verb:simple_past+
stormed	storm	verb:past_participle+
storming	storm	verb:present_participle+
Seychelles	Seychelles	proper noun
schadenfreude	schadenfreude	noun
schadenfreude	schadenfreude	noun
stylized	stylized	adjective
spilikin	spilikin	noun
Svalbard	Svalbard	proper noun
Samoa	Samoa	proper noun
scrimmage	scrimmage	noun
stand	stand	verb:simple_present+
stands	stand	verb:simple_present+
stood	stand	verb:simple_past+
stood	stand	verb:past_participle+
standing	stand	verb:present_participle+
standing	stand	verb:present_participle
stand	stand	verb:simple_present+transitive
stands	stand	verb:simple_present+transitive
stood	stand	verb:simple_past+transitive
stood	stand	verb:past_participle+transitive
standing	stand	verb:present_participle+transitive
standing	stand	verb:present_participle
stand	stand	noun
security	security	noun
smuni	smuni	noun
stylus	stylus	noun
small	small	adjective
smalls	smalls	noun
smallgoods	smallgoods	noun
supersede	supersede	verb:simple_present+transitive
supersedes	supersede	verb:simple_present+transitive
superseded	supersede	verb:simple_past+transitive
superseded	supersede	verb:past_participle+transitive
superseding	supersede	verb:present_participle+transitive
Slovene	Slovene	noun
Slovene	Slovene	adjective
silver	silver	noun
silvers	silver	noun:plural
silver	silver	adjective
seventh	seventh	adjective
seventh	seventh	noun
soccer	soccer	noun
sausage	sausage	noun
sausages	sausage	noun:plural
see	see	verb:simple_present+
sees	see	verb:simple_present+
saw	see	verb:simple_past+
seen	see	verb:past_participle+
seing	see	verb:present_participle+
seeing	see	verb:present_participle
see	see	noun
sees	see	noun:plural
see	see	noun
saxon	saxon	noun
saxon	saxon	adjective
symptom	symptom	noun
symptoms	symptom	noun:plural
Swedish	Swedish	noun
Swedish	Swedish	adjective
Slovak	Slovak	proper noun
Slovak	Slovak	adjective
square	square	noun
squares	square	noun:plural
square	square	adjective
square	square	verb:simple_present+transitive
squares	square	verb:simple_present+transitive
squared	square	verb:simple_past+transitive
squared	square	verb:past_participle+transitive
squaring	square	verb:present_participle+transitive
stye	stye	noun
styes	stye	noun:plural
symbol	symbol	noun
symbols	symbol	noun:plural
shew	shew	verb:simple_present+
shews	shew	verb:simple_present+
???	shew	verb:simple_past+
???	shew	verb:past_participle+
shewing	shew	verb:present_participle+
shewing	shew	verb:present_participle
shew	shew	noun
sol	sol	noun
sols	sol	noun:plural
shit	shit	noun
shits	shit	noun:plural
shit	shit	verb:simple_present+intransitive
shits	shit	verb:simple_present+intransitive
shit	shit	verb:simple_past+intransitive
shat	shit	verb:simple_past+intransitive
shit	shit	verb:past_participle+intransitive
shat	shit	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	shit	verb:present_participle+intransitive
shit	shit	verb:simple_present+transitive
shits	shit	verb:simple_present+transitive
shit	shit	verb:simple_past+transitive
shat	shit	verb:simple_past+transitive
shit	shit	verb:past_participle+transitive
shat	shit	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	shit	verb:present_participle+transitive
shitting	shit	verb:present_participle
shit	shit	interjection
shit	shit	adjective
sieve	sieve	noun
sieve	sieve	verb:simple_present+transitive
sieves	sieve	verb:simple_present+transitive
sieved	sieve	verb:simple_past+transitive
sieved	sieve	verb:past_participle+transitive
sieving	sieve	verb:present_participle+transitive
slashdot	slashdot	proper noun
slashdot	slashdot	verb:simple_present+
slashdots	slashdot	verb:simple_present+
???	slashdot	verb:simple_past+
???	slashdot	verb:past_participle+
???	slashdot	verb:present_participle+
slashdotting	slashdot	verb:present_participle
subjunctive	subjunctive	adjective
subjunctive	subjunctive	noun
subject	subject	noun
subjects	subject	noun:plural
subject	subject	verb:simple_present+
subjects	subject	verb:simple_present+
subjected	subject	verb:simple_past+
subjected	subject	verb:past_participle+
subjecting	subject	verb:present_participle+
superlative	superlative	noun
stem	stem	noun
stem	stem	verb:simple_present+
stems	stem	verb:simple_present+
???	stem	verb:simple_past+
???	stem	verb:past_participle+
???	stem	verb:present_participle+
stemming	stem	verb:present_participle
Spaniard	Spaniard	noun
Spaniards	Spaniard	noun:plural
sandgroper	sandgroper	proper noun
species	species	noun
species	species	noun:plural
south	south	noun
south	south	adjective
snake	snake	noun
snakes	snake	noun:plural
snake	snake	verb:simple_present+intransitive
snakes	snake	verb:simple_present+intransitive
snaked	snake	verb:simple_past+intransitive
snaked	snake	verb:past_participle+intransitive
snaking	snake	verb:present_participle+intransitive
strine	strine	proper noun
sibling	sibling	noun
siblings	sibling	noun:plural
sister	sister	noun
sister	sister	adjective
son	son	noun
sister-in-law	sister-in-law	noun
son-in-law	son-in-law	noun
sextuplet	sextuplet	noun
Slovio	Slovio	noun
Slovio	Slovio	noun
Slovio	Slovio	noun
suffix	suffix	noun
suffixes	suffix	noun:plural
suffix	suffix	verb:simple_present+
suffixs	suffix	verb:simple_present+
suffixed	suffix	verb:simple_past+
suffixed	suffix	verb:past_participle+
suffixing	suffix	verb:present_participle+
suffixing	suffix	verb:present_participle
saffron	saffron	noun
saffrons	saffron	noun:plural
saffron	saffron	adjective
salmon	salmon	noun
salmons	salmon	noun:plural
salmon	salmon	adjective
sill	sill	noun
sienna	sienna	noun
sienna	sienna	adjective
slate	slate	noun
slates	slate	noun:plural
slate	slate	adjective
slate	slate	verb:simple_present+transitive
slates	slate	verb:simple_present+transitive
slated	slate	verb:simple_past+transitive
slated	slate	verb:past_participle+transitive
slating	slate	verb:present_participle+transitive
strawberry	strawberry	noun
strawberries	strawberry	noun:plural
strawberry	strawberry	adjective
scarlet	scarlet	noun
scarlet	scarlet	adjective
sepia	sepia	noun
sepia	sepia	adjective
salsa	salsa	noun
squid	squid	noun
sapphire	sapphire	noun
sapphire	sapphire	adjective
snowplow	snowplow	noun
snowplows	snowplow	noun:plural
snowplow	snowplow	verb:simple_present+transitive
snowplows	snowplow	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	snowplow	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	snowplow	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	snowplow	verb:present_participle+transitive
snowplow	snowplow	verb:simple_present+intransitive
snowplows	snowplow	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	snowplow	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	snowplow	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	snowplow	verb:present_participle+intransitive
semaphore	semaphore	noun
semaphore	semaphore	verb:simple_present+
semaphores	semaphore	verb:simple_present+
semaphored	semaphore	verb:simple_past+
semaphored	semaphore	verb:past_participle+
semaphoring	semaphore	verb:present_participle+
skedaddle	skedaddle	verb:simple_present+
skedaddles	skedaddle	verb:simple_present+
skedaddled	skedaddle	verb:simple_past+
skedaddled	skedaddle	verb:past_participle+
skedaddling	skedaddle	verb:present_participle+
scalene	scalene	adjective
safari	safari	noun
safaris	safari	noun:plural
sydney-sider	sydney-sider	noun
sydneyite	sydneyite	noun
sydneysider	sydneysider	noun
soak	soak	verb:simple_present+
soaks	soak	verb:simple_present+
soaked	soak	verb:simple_past+
soaked	soak	verb:past_participle+
soaking	soak	verb:present_participle+
soak	soak	noun
soil	soil	noun
soils	soil	noun:plural
soil	soil	verb:simple_present+
soils	soil	verb:simple_present+
soiled	soil	verb:simple_past+
soiled	soil	verb:past_participle+
soiling	soil	verb:present_participle+
soiling	soil	verb:present_participle
sydneyan	sydneyan	adjective
so	so	conjonction
so	so	adverbe
so	so	adjective
so	so	noun
sanction	sanction	noun
sanction	sanction	verb:simple_present+transitive
sanctions	sanction	verb:simple_present+transitive
sanctioned	sanction	verb:simple_past+transitive
sanctioned	sanction	verb:past_participle+transitive
sanctioning	sanction	verb:present_participle+transitive
smile	smile	verb:simple_present+
smiles	smile	verb:simple_present+
smiled	smile	verb:simple_past+
smiled	smile	verb:past_participle+
smiling	smile	verb:present_participle+
smile	smile	noun
smiles	smile	noun:plural
song	song	noun
songs	song	noun:plural
sing	sing	verb:simple_present+
sings	sing	verb:simple_present+
sang	sing	verb:simple_past+
sung	sing	verb:past_participle+
singing	sing	verb:present_participle+
sing	sing	noun
sound	sound	noun
sounds	sound	noun:plural
sound	sound	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sounds	sound	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sounded	sound	verb:simple_past+intransitive
sounded	sound	verb:past_participle+intransitive
sounding	sound	verb:present_participle+intransitive
sound	sound	adjective
safe	safe	adjective
safe	safe	noun
safes	safe	noun:plural
Sergipe	Sergipe	proper noun
save	save	noun
save	save	verb:simple_present+transitive
saves	save	verb:simple_present+transitive
saved	save	verb:simple_past+transitive
saved	save	verb:past_participle+transitive
saving	save	verb:present_participle+transitive
save	save	verb:simple_present+intransitive
saves	save	verb:simple_present+intransitive
saved	save	verb:simple_past+intransitive
saved	save	verb:past_participle+intransitive
saving	save	verb:present_participle+intransitive
save	save	preposition
save	save	verb:simple_present+transitive
saves	save	verb:simple_present+transitive
saved	save	verb:simple_past+transitive
saved	save	verb:past_participle+transitive
saving	save	verb:present_participle+transitive
since	since	preposition
since	since	conjonction
since	since	conjonction
slang	slang	noun
she	she	nominative pronoun
she	she	personal pronoun
she	she	pronoun:singular third person
snail	snail	noun
slug	slug	noun
slug	slug	verb:simple_present+transitive
slugs	slug	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	slug	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	slug	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	slug	verb:present_participle+transitive
slim	slim	adjective
slim	slim	noun
slim	slim	verb:simple_present+
slims	slim	verb:simple_present+
???	slim	verb:simple_past+
???	slim	verb:past_participle+
???	slim	verb:present_participle+
Saskatchewan	Saskatchewan	proper noun
smell	smell	noun
smells	smell	noun:plural
smell	smell	verb:simple_present+transitive
smells	smell	verb:simple_present+transitive
smelled	smell	verb:simple_past+transitive
smelt	smell	verb:simple_past+transitive
smelled	smell	verb:past_participle+transitive
smelt	smell	verb:past_participle+transitive
smelling	smell	verb:present_participle+transitive
smelling	smell	verb:present_participle
smell	smell	verb:simple_present+intransitive
smells	smell	verb:simple_present+intransitive
smelled	smell	verb:simple_past+intransitive
smelt	smell	verb:simple_past+intransitive
smelled	smell	verb:past_participle+intransitive
smelt	smell	verb:past_participle+intransitive
smelling	smell	verb:present_participle+intransitive
sikkim	sikkim	proper noun
suypaydoyn	suypaydoyn	verb:simple_present+
suypaydoyns	suypaydoyn	verb:simple_present+
suypaydoyned	suypaydoyn	verb:simple_past+
suypaydoyned	suypaydoyn	verb:past_participle+
suypaydoyning	suypaydoyn	verb:present_participle+
saying	saying	noun
sayings	saying	noun:plural
Sydney	Sydney	proper noun
Sydneys	Sydney	proper noun:plural
swan	swan	noun
street	street	noun
street	street	preposition
superhighway	superhighway	noun
sale	sale	noun
Salvador	Salvador	proper noun
sidewalk	sidewalk	noun
sabah	sabah	proper noun
sarawak	sarawak	proper noun
selangor	selangor	proper noun
sedang	sedang	adverbe
satu	satu	noun
sungai	sungai	noun
surfeit	surfeit	noun
surfeit	surfeit	verb:simple_present+
surfeits	surfeit	verb:simple_present+
surfeited	surfeit	verb:simple_past+
surfeited	surfeit	verb:past_participle+
surfeiting	surfeit	verb:present_participle+
simba	simba	noun
silvassa	silvassa	proper noun
shimla	shimla	proper noun
Srinagar	Srinagar	proper noun
Shillong	Shillong	proper noun
seremban	seremban	proper noun
Scotland	Scotland	proper noun
science	science	noun
sciences	science	noun:plural
sweet	sweet	adjective
sweet	sweet	noun
syntax	syntax	noun
syntaxes	syntax	noun:plural
sentence	sentence	noun
sentences	sentence	noun:plural
sentence	sentence	verb:simple_present+
sentences	sentence	verb:simple_present+
sentenced	sentence	verb:simple_past+
sentenced	sentence	verb:past_participle+
sentencing	sentence	verb:present_participle+
sandbox	sandbox	noun
sandboxes	sandbox	noun:plural
sheep	sheep	noun
sheep	sheep	noun:plural
sic	sic	adverbe
sic	sic	verb:simple_present+transitive
sics	sic	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	sic	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	sic	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	sic	verb:present_participle+transitive
spell	spell	noun
spells	spell	noun:plural
spell	spell	verb:simple_present+
spells	spell	verb:simple_present+
spelled	spell	verb:simple_past+
spelt	spell	verb:simple_past+
spelled	spell	verb:past_participle+
spelt	spell	verb:past_participle+
spelling	spell	verb:present_participle+
shirt	shirt	noun
shirts	shirt	noun:plural
spelling	spelling	verb:simple_present+
spellings	spelling	verb:simple_present+
spellinged	spelling	verb:simple_past+
spellinged	spelling	verb:past_participle+
spellinging	spelling	verb:present_participle+
spelling	spelling	noun
spellings	spelling	noun:plural
shoe	shoe	noun
shoe	shoe	verb:simple_present+
shoes	shoe	verb:simple_present+
shoed	shoe	verb:simple_past+
shoed	shoe	verb:past_participle+
shod	shoe	verb:past_participle+
shoing	shoe	verb:present_participle+
shoeing	shoe	verb:present_participle
skirt	skirt	noun
skirts	skirt	noun:plural
skirt	skirt	verb:simple_present+
skirts	skirt	verb:simple_present+
skirted	skirt	verb:simple_past+
skirted	skirt	verb:past_participle+
skirting	skirt	verb:present_participle+
skirting	skirt	verb:present_participle
spelled	spelled	verb:simple_present+
spelleds	spelled	verb:simple_present+
???	spelled	verb:simple_past+
???	spelled	verb:past_participle+
???	spelled	verb:present_participle+
spelled	spelled	verb:simple_present+
spelleds	spelled	verb:simple_present+
???	spelled	verb:simple_past+
???	spelled	verb:past_participle+
???	spelled	verb:present_participle+
spelt	spelt	verb:simple_present+
spelts	spelt	verb:simple_present+
spelted	spelt	verb:simple_past+
spelted	spelt	verb:past_participle+
spelting	spelt	verb:present_participle+
spelt	spelt	verb:simple_present+
spelts	spelt	verb:simple_present+
spelted	spelt	verb:simple_past+
spelted	spelt	verb:past_participle+
spelting	spelt	verb:present_participle+
spelt	spelt	noun
speak	speak	verb:simple_present+
speaks	speak	verb:simple_present+
spoke	speak	verb:simple_past+
spoken	speak	verb:past_participle+
speaking	speak	verb:present_participle+
speaking	speak	verb:present_participle
substance	substance	noun
straight	straight	adjective
straight	straight	adverbe
straight	straight	noun
secretary	secretary	noun
secretaries	secretary	noun:plural
Slovenian	Slovenian	noun
Slovenian	Slovenian	adjective
shrike	shrike	noun
simile	simile	noun
scissors	scissors	noun
separate	separate	adjective
separate	separate	verb:simple_present+transitive
separates	separate	verb:simple_present+transitive
separated	separate	verb:simple_past+transitive
separated	separate	verb:past_participle+transitive
separating	separate	verb:present_participle+transitive
separate	separate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
separates	separate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
separated	separate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
separated	separate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
separating	separate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
separate	separate	noun
separates	separate	noun:plural
sin	sin	noun
sins	sin	noun:plural
sin	sin	verb:simple_present+
sins	sin	verb:simple_present+
???	sin	verb:simple_past+
???	sin	verb:past_participle+
???	sin	verb:present_participle+
sinning	sin	verb:present_participle
simple	simple	adjective
self	self	noun
sleep	sleep	noun
sleep	sleep	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sleeps	sleep	verb:simple_present+intransitive
slept	sleep	verb:simple_past+intransitive
slept	sleep	verb:past_participle+intransitive
sleeping	sleep	verb:present_participle+intransitive
slept	slept	verb:simple_present+
slepts	slept	verb:simple_present+
slepted	slept	verb:simple_past+
slepted	slept	verb:past_participle+
slepting	slept	verb:present_participle+
slept	slept	verb:simple_present+
slepts	slept	verb:simple_present+
slepted	slept	verb:simple_past+
slepted	slept	verb:past_participle+
slepting	slept	verb:present_participle+
stay	stay	verb:simple_present+intransitive
stays	stay	verb:simple_present+intransitive
stayed	stay	verb:simple_past+intransitive
stayed	stay	verb:past_participle+intransitive
staying	stay	verb:present_participle+intransitive
stay	stay	verb:simple_present+transitive
stays	stay	verb:simple_present+transitive
stayed	stay	verb:simple_past+transitive
stayed	stay	verb:past_participle+transitive
staying	stay	verb:present_participle+transitive
stay	stay	noun
saw	saw	noun
saws	saw	noun:plural
saw	saw	noun
saws	saw	noun:plural
saw	saw	verb:simple_present+transitive
saws	saw	verb:simple_present+transitive
sawed	saw	verb:simple_past+transitive
sawed	saw	verb:past_participle+transitive
sawn	saw	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	saw	verb:present_participle+transitive
saw	saw	verb:simple_present+intransitive
saws	saw	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sawed	saw	verb:simple_past+intransitive
sawed	saw	verb:past_participle+intransitive
sawn	saw	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	saw	verb:present_participle+intransitive
seen	seen	verb:simple_present+
seens	seen	verb:simple_present+
seened	seen	verb:simple_past+
seened	seen	verb:past_participle+
seening	seen	verb:present_participle+
seek	seek	verb:simple_present+
seeks	seek	verb:simple_present+
sought	seek	verb:simple_past+
sought	seek	verb:past_participle+
seeking	seek	verb:present_participle+
seeking	seek	verb:present_participle
sought	sought	verb:simple_present+
soughts	sought	verb:simple_present+
soughted	sought	verb:simple_past+
soughted	sought	verb:past_participle+
soughting	sought	verb:present_participle+
sought	sought	verb:simple_present+
soughts	sought	verb:simple_present+
soughted	sought	verb:simple_past+
soughted	sought	verb:past_participle+
soughting	sought	verb:present_participle+
sell	sell	verb:simple_present+
sells	sell	verb:simple_present+
sold	sell	verb:simple_past+
sold	sell	verb:past_participle+
selling	sell	verb:present_participle+
selling	sell	verb:present_participle
sold	sold	verb:simple_present+
solds	sold	verb:simple_present+
solded	sold	verb:simple_past+
solded	sold	verb:past_participle+
solding	sold	verb:present_participle+
sold	sold	verb:simple_present+
solds	sold	verb:simple_present+
solded	sold	verb:simple_past+
solded	sold	verb:past_participle+
solding	sold	verb:present_participle+
sent	sent	verb:simple_present+
sents	sent	verb:simple_present+
sented	sent	verb:simple_past+
sented	sent	verb:past_participle+
senting	sent	verb:present_participle+
sent	sent	verb:simple_present+
sents	sent	verb:simple_present+
sented	sent	verb:simple_past+
sented	sent	verb:past_participle+
senting	sent	verb:present_participle+
set	set	verb:simple_present+transitive
sets	set	verb:simple_present+transitive
set	set	verb:simple_past+transitive
set	set	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	set	verb:present_participle+transitive
setting	set	verb:present_participle
set	set	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sets	set	verb:simple_present+intransitive
set	set	verb:simple_past+intransitive
set	set	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	set	verb:present_participle+intransitive
set	set	noun
sets	set	noun:plural
set	set	adjective
sewed	sewed	verb:simple_present+
seweds	sewed	verb:simple_present+
???	sewed	verb:simple_past+
???	sewed	verb:past_participle+
???	sewed	verb:present_participle+
sewed	sewed	verb:simple_present+
seweds	sewed	verb:simple_present+
???	sewed	verb:simple_past+
???	sewed	verb:past_participle+
???	sewed	verb:present_participle+
sewn	sewn	verb:simple_present+
sewns	sewn	verb:simple_present+
sewned	sewn	verb:simple_past+
sewned	sewn	verb:past_participle+
sewning	sewn	verb:present_participle+
shake	shake	verb:simple_present+transitive
shakes	shake	verb:simple_present+transitive
shook	shake	verb:simple_past+transitive
shaken	shake	verb:past_participle+transitive
shaking	shake	verb:present_participle+transitive
shake	shake	noun
shakes	shake	noun:plural
shook	shook	verb:simple_present+
shooks	shook	verb:simple_present+
shooked	shook	verb:simple_past+
shooked	shook	verb:past_participle+
shooking	shook	verb:present_participle+
shaken	shaken	verb:simple_present+
shakens	shaken	verb:simple_present+
???	shaken	verb:simple_past+
???	shaken	verb:past_participle+
???	shaken	verb:present_participle+
shear	shear	verb:simple_present+
shears	shear	verb:simple_present+
sheared	shear	verb:simple_past+
shorn	shear	verb:past_participle+
sheared	shear	verb:past_participle+
shearing	shear	verb:present_participle+
shearing	shear	verb:present_participle
sheared	sheared	verb:simple_present+
sheareds	sheared	verb:simple_present+
???	sheared	verb:simple_past+
???	sheared	verb:past_participle+
???	sheared	verb:present_participle+
sheared	sheared	verb:simple_present+
sheareds	sheared	verb:simple_present+
???	sheared	verb:simple_past+
???	sheared	verb:past_participle+
???	sheared	verb:present_participle+
shorn	shorn	verb:simple_present+
shorns	shorn	verb:simple_present+
shorned	shorn	verb:simple_past+
shorned	shorn	verb:past_participle+
shorning	shorn	verb:present_participle+
shine	shine	verb:simple_present+
shines	shine	verb:simple_present+
shone	shine	verb:simple_past+
shined	shine	verb:simple_past+
shone	shine	verb:past_participle+
shined	shine	verb:past_participle+
shining	shine	verb:present_participle+
shine	shine	noun
shined	shined	verb:simple_present+
shineds	shined	verb:simple_present+
???	shined	verb:simple_past+
???	shined	verb:past_participle+
???	shined	verb:present_participle+
shined	shined	verb:simple_present+
shineds	shined	verb:simple_present+
???	shined	verb:simple_past+
???	shined	verb:past_participle+
???	shined	verb:present_participle+
shone	shone	verb:simple_present+
shones	shone	verb:simple_present+
shoned	shone	verb:simple_past+
shoned	shone	verb:past_participle+
shoning	shone	verb:present_participle+
shone	shone	verb:simple_present+
shones	shone	verb:simple_present+
shoned	shone	verb:simple_past+
shoned	shone	verb:past_participle+
shoning	shone	verb:present_participle+
sedentary	sedentary	adjective
simulate	simulate	verb:simple_present+
simulates	simulate	verb:simple_present+
simulated	simulate	verb:simple_past+
simulated	simulate	verb:past_participle+
simulating	simulate	verb:present_participle+
spurious	spurious	adjective
stevedore	stevedore	noun
stevedore	stevedore	verb:simple_present+transitive
stevedores	stevedore	verb:simple_present+transitive
stevedored	stevedore	verb:simple_past+transitive
stevedored	stevedore	verb:past_participle+transitive
stevedoring	stevedore	verb:present_participle+transitive
shat	shat	verb:simple_present+
shats	shat	verb:simple_present+
???	shat	verb:simple_past+
???	shat	verb:past_participle+
???	shat	verb:present_participle+
shat	shat	verb:simple_present+
shats	shat	verb:simple_present+
???	shat	verb:simple_past+
???	shat	verb:past_participle+
???	shat	verb:present_participle+
shoot	shoot	verb:simple_present+
shoots	shoot	verb:simple_present+
shot	shoot	verb:simple_past+
shot	shoot	verb:past_participle+
shooting	shoot	verb:present_participle+
shoot	shoot	noun
shot	shot	verb:simple_present+
shots	shot	verb:simple_present+
???	shot	verb:simple_past+
???	shot	verb:past_participle+
???	shot	verb:present_participle+
shot	shot	verb:simple_present+
shots	shot	verb:simple_present+
???	shot	verb:simple_past+
???	shot	verb:past_participle+
???	shot	verb:present_participle+
shot	shot	noun
shot	shot	adjective
show	show	noun
shows	show	noun:plural
show	show	verb:simple_present+transitive
shows	show	verb:simple_present+transitive
showed	show	verb:simple_past+transitive
shown	show	verb:past_participle+transitive
showed	show	verb:past_participle+transitive
showing	show	verb:present_participle+transitive
showing	show	verb:present_participle
showed	showed	verb:simple_present+
showeds	showed	verb:simple_present+
???	showed	verb:simple_past+
???	showed	verb:past_participle+
???	showed	verb:present_participle+
showed	showed	verb:simple_present+
showeds	showed	verb:simple_present+
???	showed	verb:simple_past+
???	showed	verb:past_participle+
???	showed	verb:present_participle+
shown	shown	verb:simple_present+
showns	shown	verb:simple_present+
showned	shown	verb:simple_past+
showned	shown	verb:past_participle+
showning	shown	verb:present_participle+
shrank	shrank	verb:simple_present+
shranks	shrank	verb:simple_present+
shranked	shrank	verb:simple_past+
shranked	shrank	verb:past_participle+
shranking	shrank	verb:present_participle+
shrunk	shrunk	verb:simple_present+
shrunks	shrunk	verb:simple_present+
shrunked	shrunk	verb:simple_past+
shrunked	shrunk	verb:past_participle+
shrunking	shrunk	verb:present_participle+
shrunk	shrunk	verb:simple_present+
shrunks	shrunk	verb:simple_present+
shrunked	shrunk	verb:simple_past+
shrunked	shrunk	verb:past_participle+
shrunking	shrunk	verb:present_participle+
shut	shut	verb:simple_present+
shuts	shut	verb:simple_present+
shut	shut	verb:simple_past+
shut	shut	verb:past_participle+
???	shut	verb:present_participle+
shut	shut	verb:simple_present+
shuts	shut	verb:simple_present+
shut	shut	verb:simple_past+
shut	shut	verb:past_participle+
???	shut	verb:present_participle+
shut	shut	verb:simple_present+
shuts	shut	verb:simple_present+
shut	shut	verb:simple_past+
shut	shut	verb:past_participle+
???	shut	verb:present_participle+
sang	sang	verb:simple_present+
sangs	sang	verb:simple_present+
sanged	sang	verb:simple_past+
sanged	sang	verb:past_participle+
sanging	sang	verb:present_participle+
sang	sang	noun
sung	sung	verb:simple_present+
sungs	sung	verb:simple_present+
sunged	sung	verb:simple_past+
sunged	sung	verb:past_participle+
sunging	sung	verb:present_participle+
sit	sit	noun
sits	sit	noun:plural
sit	sit	verb:simple_present+
sits	sit	verb:simple_present+
sat	sit	verb:simple_past+
sat	sit	verb:past_participle+
???	sit	verb:present_participle+
sitting	sit	verb:present_participle
sat	sat	verb:simple_present+
sats	sat	verb:simple_present+
???	sat	verb:simple_past+
???	sat	verb:past_participle+
???	sat	verb:present_participle+
sat	sat	verb:simple_present+
sats	sat	verb:simple_present+
???	sat	verb:simple_past+
???	sat	verb:past_participle+
???	sat	verb:present_participle+
slay	slay	verb:simple_present+
slays	slay	verb:simple_present+
slew	slay	verb:simple_past+
slain	slay	verb:past_participle+
slaying	slay	verb:present_participle+
slaying	slay	verb:present_participle
slew	slew	noun
slew	slew	verb:simple_present+
slews	slew	verb:simple_present+
???	slew	verb:simple_past+
???	slew	verb:past_participle+
???	slew	verb:present_participle+
slain	slain	verb:simple_present+
slains	slain	verb:simple_present+
slained	slain	verb:simple_past+
slained	slain	verb:past_participle+
slaining	slain	verb:present_participle+
slid	slid	verb:simple_present+
slids	slid	verb:simple_present+
???	slid	verb:simple_past+
???	slid	verb:past_participle+
???	slid	verb:present_participle+
slid	slid	verb:simple_present+
slids	slid	verb:simple_present+
???	slid	verb:simple_past+
???	slid	verb:past_participle+
???	slid	verb:present_participle+
sling	sling	verb:simple_present+
slings	sling	verb:simple_present+
slung	sling	verb:simple_past+
slung	sling	verb:past_participle+
slinging	sling	verb:present_participle+
sling	sling	noun
slings	sling	noun:plural
slung	slung	verb:simple_present+
slungs	slung	verb:simple_present+
slunged	slung	verb:simple_past+
slunged	slung	verb:past_participle+
slunging	slung	verb:present_participle+
slung	slung	verb:simple_present+
slungs	slung	verb:simple_present+
slunged	slung	verb:simple_past+
slunged	slung	verb:past_participle+
slunging	slung	verb:present_participle+
slit	slit	verb:simple_present+
slits	slit	verb:simple_present+
slit	slit	verb:simple_past+
slit	slit	verb:past_participle+
???	slit	verb:present_participle+
slit	slit	verb:simple_present+
slits	slit	verb:simple_present+
slit	slit	verb:simple_past+
slit	slit	verb:past_participle+
???	slit	verb:present_participle+
slit	slit	verb:simple_present+
slits	slit	verb:simple_present+
slit	slit	verb:simple_past+
slit	slit	verb:past_participle+
???	slit	verb:present_participle+
smelled	smelled	verb:simple_present+
smelleds	smelled	verb:simple_present+
???	smelled	verb:simple_past+
???	smelled	verb:past_participle+
???	smelled	verb:present_participle+
smelled	smelled	verb:simple_present+
smelleds	smelled	verb:simple_present+
???	smelled	verb:simple_past+
???	smelled	verb:past_participle+
???	smelled	verb:present_participle+
spoke	spoke	verb:simple_present+
spokes	spoke	verb:simple_present+
spoked	spoke	verb:simple_past+
spoked	spoke	verb:past_participle+
spoking	spoke	verb:present_participle+
spoke	spoke	noun
smelt	smelt	noun
smelts	smelt	noun:plural
smelt	smelt	verb:simple_present+
smelts	smelt	verb:simple_present+
smelted	smelt	verb:simple_past+
smelted	smelt	verb:past_participle+
smelting	smelt	verb:present_participle+
spoken	spoken	verb:simple_present+
spokens	spoken	verb:simple_present+
???	spoken	verb:simple_past+
???	spoken	verb:past_participle+
???	spoken	verb:present_participle+
spoken	spoken	adjective
speed	speed	noun
speed	speed	verb:simple_present+
speeds	speed	verb:simple_present+
sped	speed	verb:simple_past+
speeded	speed	verb:simple_past+
sped	speed	verb:past_participle+
speeded	speed	verb:past_participle+
speeding	speed	verb:present_participle+
sped	sped	verb:simple_present+
speds	sped	verb:simple_present+
???	sped	verb:simple_past+
???	sped	verb:past_participle+
???	sped	verb:present_participle+
sped	sped	verb:simple_present+
speds	sped	verb:simple_present+
???	sped	verb:simple_past+
???	sped	verb:past_participle+
???	sped	verb:present_participle+
speeded	speeded	verb:simple_present+
speededs	speeded	verb:simple_present+
???	speeded	verb:simple_past+
???	speeded	verb:past_participle+
???	speeded	verb:present_participle+
speeded	speeded	verb:simple_present+
speededs	speeded	verb:simple_present+
???	speeded	verb:simple_past+
???	speeded	verb:past_participle+
???	speeded	verb:present_participle+
spend	spend	verb:simple_present+
spends	spend	verb:simple_present+
spent	spend	verb:simple_past+
spent	spend	verb:past_participle+
spending	spend	verb:present_participle+
spending	spend	verb:present_participle
spend	spend	noun
spent	spent	verb:simple_present+
spents	spent	verb:simple_present+
spented	spent	verb:simple_past+
spented	spent	verb:past_participle+
spenting	spent	verb:present_participle+
spent	spent	verb:simple_present+
spents	spent	verb:simple_present+
spented	spent	verb:simple_past+
spented	spent	verb:past_participle+
spenting	spent	verb:present_participle+
spent	spent	adjective
spin	spin	verb:simple_present+
spins	spin	verb:simple_present+
spun	spin	verb:simple_past+
spun	spin	verb:past_participle+
???	spin	verb:present_participle+
spinning	spin	verb:present_participle
spin	spin	noun
spins	spin	noun:plural
spun	spun	verb:simple_present+
spuns	spun	verb:simple_present+
???	spun	verb:simple_past+
???	spun	verb:past_participle+
???	spun	verb:present_participle+
spun	spun	verb:simple_present+
spuns	spun	verb:simple_present+
???	spun	verb:simple_past+
???	spun	verb:past_participle+
???	spun	verb:present_participle+
spit	spit	verb:simple_present+
spits	spit	verb:simple_present+
spat	spit	verb:simple_past+
spit	spit	verb:simple_past+
spat	spit	verb:past_participle+
spit	spit	verb:past_participle+
???	spit	verb:present_participle+
spit	spit	verb:simple_present+
spits	spit	verb:simple_present+
spat	spit	verb:simple_past+
spit	spit	verb:simple_past+
spat	spit	verb:past_participle+
spit	spit	verb:past_participle+
???	spit	verb:present_participle+
spat	spat	verb:simple_present+
spats	spat	verb:simple_present+
???	spat	verb:simple_past+
???	spat	verb:past_participle+
???	spat	verb:present_participle+
spat	spat	verb:simple_present+
spats	spat	verb:simple_present+
???	spat	verb:simple_past+
???	spat	verb:past_participle+
???	spat	verb:present_participle+
spat	spat	noun
split	split	verb:simple_present+transitive
splits	split	verb:simple_present+transitive
split	split	verb:simple_past+transitive
split	split	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	split	verb:present_participle+transitive
splitting	split	verb:present_participle
split	split	noun
splits	split	noun:plural
spoil	spoil	verb:simple_present+transitive
spoils	spoil	verb:simple_present+transitive
spoiled	spoil	verb:simple_past+transitive
spoilt	spoil	verb:simple_past+transitive
spoiled	spoil	verb:past_participle+transitive
spoilt	spoil	verb:past_participle+transitive
spoiling	spoil	verb:present_participle+transitive
spoiling	spoil	verb:present_participle
spoil	spoil	verb:simple_present+intransitive
spoils	spoil	verb:simple_present+intransitive
spoiled	spoil	verb:simple_past+intransitive
spoilt	spoil	verb:simple_past+intransitive
spoiled	spoil	verb:past_participle+intransitive
spoilt	spoil	verb:past_participle+intransitive
spoiling	spoil	verb:present_participle+intransitive
spoil	spoil	noun
spoils	spoil	noun:plural
spoilt	spoilt	adjective
spoon-fed	spoon-fed	verb:simple_present+
spoon-feds	spoon-fed	verb:simple_present+
???	spoon-fed	verb:simple_past+
???	spoon-fed	verb:past_participle+
???	spoon-fed	verb:present_participle+
spoon-fed	spoon-fed	verb:simple_present+
spoon-feds	spoon-fed	verb:simple_present+
???	spoon-fed	verb:simple_past+
???	spoon-fed	verb:past_participle+
???	spoon-fed	verb:present_participle+
spoon-feed	spoon-feed	verb:simple_present+
spoon-feeds	spoon-feed	verb:simple_present+
spoon-fed	spoon-feed	verb:simple_past+
spoon-fed	spoon-feed	verb:past_participle+
spoon-feeding	spoon-feed	verb:present_participle+
spread	spread	verb:simple_present+
spreads	spread	verb:simple_present+
spread	spread	verb:simple_past+
spread	spread	verb:past_participle+
spreading	spread	verb:present_participle+
spreading	spread	verb:present_participle
spread	spread	verb:simple_present+
spreads	spread	verb:simple_present+
spread	spread	verb:simple_past+
spread	spread	verb:past_participle+
spreading	spread	verb:present_participle+
spread	spread	verb:simple_present+
spreads	spread	verb:simple_present+
spread	spread	verb:simple_past+
spread	spread	verb:past_participle+
spreading	spread	verb:present_participle+
spread	spread	noun
sprang	sprang	verb:simple_present+
sprangs	sprang	verb:simple_present+
spranged	sprang	verb:simple_past+
spranged	sprang	verb:past_participle+
spranging	sprang	verb:present_participle+
stood	stood	verb:simple_present+
stoods	stood	verb:simple_present+
stooded	stood	verb:simple_past+
stooded	stood	verb:past_participle+
stooding	stood	verb:present_participle+
stood	stood	verb:simple_present+
stoods	stood	verb:simple_present+
stooded	stood	verb:simple_past+
stooded	stood	verb:past_participle+
stooding	stood	verb:present_participle+
steal	steal	verb:simple_present+transitive
steals	steal	verb:simple_present+transitive
stole	steal	verb:simple_past+transitive
stolen	steal	verb:past_participle+transitive
stealing	steal	verb:present_participle+transitive
steal	steal	noun
stole	stole	verb:simple_present+
stoles	stole	verb:simple_present+
stoled	stole	verb:simple_past+
stoled	stole	verb:past_participle+
stoling	stole	verb:present_participle+
stole	stole	noun
stolen	stolen	verb:simple_present+
stolens	stolen	verb:simple_present+
???	stolen	verb:simple_past+
???	stolen	verb:past_participle+
???	stolen	verb:present_participle+
stolen	stolen	adjective
stick	stick	noun
sticks	stick	noun:plural
stick	stick	proper noun
stick	stick	verb:simple_present+
sticks	stick	verb:simple_present+
stuck	stick	verb:simple_past+
stuck	stick	verb:past_participle+
sticking	stick	verb:present_participle+
stick	stick	verb:simple_present+
sticks	stick	verb:simple_present+
stuck	stick	verb:simple_past+
stuck	stick	verb:past_participle+
sticking	stick	verb:present_participle+
stuck	stuck	verb:simple_present+
stucks	stuck	verb:simple_present+
stucked	stuck	verb:simple_past+
stucked	stuck	verb:past_participle+
stucking	stuck	verb:present_participle+
stuck	stuck	verb:simple_present+
stucks	stuck	verb:simple_present+
stucked	stuck	verb:simple_past+
stucked	stuck	verb:past_participle+
stucking	stuck	verb:present_participle+
sting	sting	verb:simple_present+
stings	sting	verb:simple_present+
stung	sting	verb:simple_past+
stung	sting	verb:past_participle+
stinging	sting	verb:present_participle+
sting	sting	noun
stung	stung	verb:simple_present+
stungs	stung	verb:simple_present+
stunged	stung	verb:simple_past+
stunged	stung	verb:past_participle+
stunging	stung	verb:present_participle+
stung	stung	verb:simple_present+
stungs	stung	verb:simple_present+
stunged	stung	verb:simple_past+
stunged	stung	verb:past_participle+
stunging	stung	verb:present_participle+
stink	stink	verb:simple_present+intransitive
stinks	stink	verb:simple_present+intransitive
stank	stink	verb:simple_past+intransitive
stunk	stink	verb:simple_past+intransitive
stunk	stink	verb:past_participle+intransitive
stinking	stink	verb:present_participle+intransitive
stink	stink	noun
stinks	stink	noun:plural
stank	stank	verb:simple_present+
stanks	stank	verb:simple_present+
stanked	stank	verb:simple_past+
stanked	stank	verb:past_participle+
stanking	stank	verb:present_participle+
stunk	stunk	verb:simple_present+
stunks	stunk	verb:simple_present+
stunked	stunk	verb:simple_past+
stunked	stunk	verb:past_participle+
stunking	stunk	verb:present_participle+
stunk	stunk	verb:simple_present+
stunks	stunk	verb:simple_present+
stunked	stunk	verb:simple_past+
stunked	stunk	verb:past_participle+
stunking	stunk	verb:present_participle+
strew	strew	verb:simple_present+
strews	strew	verb:simple_present+
strewed	strew	verb:simple_past+
strewn	strew	verb:past_participle+
strewed	strew	verb:past_participle+
???	strew	verb:present_participle+
strewed	strewed	verb:simple_present+
streweds	strewed	verb:simple_present+
???	strewed	verb:simple_past+
???	strewed	verb:past_participle+
???	strewed	verb:present_participle+
strewn	strewn	verb:simple_present+
strewns	strewn	verb:simple_present+
strewned	strewn	verb:simple_past+
strewned	strewn	verb:past_participle+
strewning	strewn	verb:present_participle+
stride	stride	verb:simple_present+
strides	stride	verb:simple_present+
strode	stride	verb:simple_past+
stridden	stride	verb:past_participle+
striding	stride	verb:present_participle+
stride	stride	noun
strides	stride	noun:plural
strode	strode	verb:simple_present+
strodes	strode	verb:simple_present+
stroded	strode	verb:simple_past+
stroded	strode	verb:past_participle+
stroding	strode	verb:present_participle+
stridden	stridden	verb:simple_present+
striddens	stridden	verb:simple_present+
???	stridden	verb:simple_past+
???	stridden	verb:past_participle+
???	stridden	verb:present_participle+
strive	strive	verb:simple_present+
strives	strive	verb:simple_present+
strove	strive	verb:simple_past+
strived	strive	verb:simple_past+
striven	strive	verb:past_participle+
strived	strive	verb:past_participle+
striving	strive	verb:present_participle+
strove	strove	verb:simple_present+
stroves	strove	verb:simple_present+
stroved	strove	verb:simple_past+
stroved	strove	verb:past_participle+
stroving	strove	verb:present_participle+
striven	striven	verb:simple_present+
strivens	striven	verb:simple_present+
???	striven	verb:simple_past+
???	striven	verb:past_participle+
???	striven	verb:present_participle+
striven	striven	verb:simple_present+
strivens	striven	verb:simple_present+
???	striven	verb:simple_past+
???	striven	verb:past_participle+
???	striven	verb:present_participle+
stimulate	stimulate	verb:simple_present+
stimulates	stimulate	verb:simple_present+
stimulated	stimulate	verb:simple_past+
stimulated	stimulate	verb:past_participle+
stimulating	stimulate	verb:present_participle+
stiffen	stiffen	verb:simple_present+
stiffens	stiffen	verb:simple_present+
???	stiffen	verb:simple_past+
???	stiffen	verb:past_participle+
???	stiffen	verb:present_participle+
stiff	stiff	adjective
stiff	stiff	noun
strike	strike	verb:simple_present+
strikes	strike	verb:simple_present+
struck	strike	verb:simple_past+
stricken	strike	verb:past_participle+
striking	strike	verb:present_participle+
strike	strike	noun
struck	struck	verb:simple_present+
strucks	struck	verb:simple_present+
strucked	struck	verb:simple_past+
strucked	struck	verb:past_participle+
strucking	struck	verb:present_participle+
struck	struck	verb:simple_present+
strucks	struck	verb:simple_present+
strucked	struck	verb:simple_past+
strucked	struck	verb:past_participle+
strucking	struck	verb:present_participle+
struck	struck	verb:simple_present+
strucks	struck	verb:simple_present+
strucked	struck	verb:simple_past+
strucked	struck	verb:past_participle+
strucking	struck	verb:present_participle+
stricken	stricken	verb:simple_present+
strickens	stricken	verb:simple_present+
???	stricken	verb:simple_past+
???	stricken	verb:past_participle+
???	stricken	verb:present_participle+
stricken	stricken	verb:simple_present+
strickens	stricken	verb:simple_present+
???	stricken	verb:simple_past+
???	stricken	verb:past_participle+
???	stricken	verb:present_participle+
string	string	noun
strings	string	noun:plural
string	string	verb:simple_present+transitive
strings	string	verb:simple_present+transitive
strung	string	verb:simple_past+transitive
strung	string	verb:past_participle+transitive
stringing	string	verb:present_participle+transitive
stringing	string	verb:present_participle
strung	strung	verb:simple_present+
strungs	strung	verb:simple_present+
strunged	strung	verb:simple_past+
strunged	strung	verb:past_participle+
strunging	strung	verb:present_participle+
strung	strung	verb:simple_present+
strungs	strung	verb:simple_present+
strunged	strung	verb:simple_past+
strunged	strung	verb:past_participle+
strunging	strung	verb:present_participle+
strived	strived	verb:simple_present+
striveds	strived	verb:simple_present+
???	strived	verb:simple_past+
???	strived	verb:past_participle+
???	strived	verb:present_participle+
strived	strived	verb:simple_present+
striveds	strived	verb:simple_present+
???	strived	verb:simple_past+
???	strived	verb:past_participle+
???	strived	verb:present_participle+
swear	swear	verb:simple_present+
swears	swear	verb:simple_present+
swore	swear	verb:simple_past+
sworn	swear	verb:past_participle+
swearing	swear	verb:present_participle+
swore	swore	verb:simple_present+
swores	swore	verb:simple_present+
swored	swore	verb:simple_past+
swored	swore	verb:past_participle+
sworing	swore	verb:present_participle+
sworn	sworn	verb:simple_present+
sworns	sworn	verb:simple_present+
sworned	sworn	verb:simple_past+
sworned	sworn	verb:past_participle+
sworning	sworn	verb:present_participle+
sweep	sweep	verb:simple_present+
sweeps	sweep	verb:simple_present+
swept	sweep	verb:simple_past+
swept	sweep	verb:past_participle+
sweeping	sweep	verb:present_participle+
sweeping	sweep	verb:present_participle
sweep	sweep	noun
swept	swept	verb:simple_present+
swepts	swept	verb:simple_present+
swepted	swept	verb:simple_past+
swepted	swept	verb:past_participle+
swepting	swept	verb:present_participle+
swept	swept	verb:simple_present+
swepts	swept	verb:simple_present+
swepted	swept	verb:simple_past+
swepted	swept	verb:past_participle+
swepting	swept	verb:present_participle+
swell	swell	verb:simple_present+intransitive
swells	swell	verb:simple_present+intransitive
swelled	swell	verb:simple_past+intransitive
swollen	swell	verb:past_participle+intransitive
swelled	swell	verb:past_participle+intransitive
swelling	swell	verb:present_participle+intransitive
swell	swell	noun
swells	swell	noun:plural
swell	swell	adjective
swelled	swelled	verb:simple_present+
swelleds	swelled	verb:simple_present+
???	swelled	verb:simple_past+
???	swelled	verb:past_participle+
???	swelled	verb:present_participle+
swelled	swelled	verb:simple_present+
swelleds	swelled	verb:simple_present+
???	swelled	verb:simple_past+
???	swelled	verb:past_participle+
???	swelled	verb:present_participle+
swollen	swollen	verb:simple_present+
swollens	swollen	verb:simple_present+
???	swollen	verb:simple_past+
???	swollen	verb:past_participle+
???	swollen	verb:present_participle+
swim	swim	verb:simple_present+intransitive
swims	swim	verb:simple_present+intransitive
swam	swim	verb:simple_past+intransitive
swum	swim	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	swim	verb:present_participle+intransitive
swim	swim	noun
swam	swam	verb:simple_present+
swams	swam	verb:simple_present+
???	swam	verb:simple_past+
???	swam	verb:past_participle+
???	swam	verb:present_participle+
swum	swum	verb:simple_present+
swums	swum	verb:simple_present+
???	swum	verb:simple_past+
???	swum	verb:past_participle+
???	swum	verb:present_participle+
swing	swing	verb:simple_present+intransitive
swings	swing	verb:simple_present+intransitive
swung	swing	verb:simple_past+intransitive
swung	swing	verb:past_participle+intransitive
swinging	swing	verb:present_participle+intransitive
swing	swing	verb:simple_present+transitive
swings	swing	verb:simple_present+transitive
swung	swing	verb:simple_past+transitive
swung	swing	verb:past_participle+transitive
swinging	swing	verb:present_participle+transitive
swinging	swing	verb:present_participle
swing	swing	noun
swing	swing	adjective
swung	swung	verb:simple_present+
swungs	swung	verb:simple_present+
swunged	swung	verb:simple_past+
swunged	swung	verb:past_participle+
swunging	swung	verb:present_participle+
swung	swung	verb:simple_present+
swungs	swung	verb:simple_present+
swunged	swung	verb:simple_past+
swunged	swung	verb:past_participle+
swunging	swung	verb:present_participle+
shape	shape	noun
shapes	shape	noun:plural
shape	shape	verb:simple_present+
shapes	shape	verb:simple_present+
shaped	shape	verb:simple_past+
shaped	shape	verb:past_participle+
shaping	shape	verb:present_participle+
sparrowhawk	sparrowhawk	noun
skylark	skylark	noun
skylark	skylark	verb:simple_present+
skylarks	skylark	verb:simple_present+
skylarked	skylark	verb:simple_past+
skylarked	skylark	verb:past_participle+
skylarking	skylark	verb:present_participle+
syllable	syllable	noun
stork	stork	noun
storks	stork	noun:plural
southern	southern	adjective
sovereign	sovereign	adjective
sovereign	sovereign	noun
sovereignty	sovereignty	noun
sovadik	sovadik	adjective
sovoyn	sovoyn	verb:simple_present+
sovoyns	sovoyn	verb:simple_present+
sovoyned	sovoyn	verb:simple_past+
sovoyned	sovoyn	verb:past_participle+
sovoyning	sovoyn	verb:present_participle+
spaceship	spaceship	noun
spacecraft	spacecraft	noun
stelastejen	stelastejen	noun
sophistication	sophistication	noun
swallow	swallow	verb:simple_present+
swallows	swallow	verb:simple_present+
swallowed	swallow	verb:simple_past+
swallowed	swallow	verb:past_participle+
swallowing	swallow	verb:present_participle+
swallowing	swallow	verb:present_participle
swallow	swallow	noun
swallows	swallow	noun:plural
sparrow	sparrow	noun
sparrows	sparrow	noun:plural
starling	starling	noun
starlings	starling	noun:plural
stoat	stoat	noun
squirrel	squirrel	noun
squirrels	squirrel	noun:plural
squirrel	squirrel	verb:simple_present+
squirrels	squirrel	verb:simple_present+
???	squirrel	verb:simple_past+
???	squirrel	verb:past_participle+
???	squirrel	verb:present_participle+
shrew	shrew	noun
sap	sap	noun
sap	sap	verb:simple_present+transitive
saps	sap	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	sap	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	sap	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	sap	verb:present_participle+transitive
sap	sap	verb:simple_present+intransitive
saps	sap	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	sap	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	sap	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	sap	verb:present_participle+intransitive
sap	sap	noun
short	short	adjective
short	short	noun
shallow	shallow	adjective
shallow	shallow	noun
solid	solid	noun
solid	solid	adjective
sublimate	sublimate	verb:simple_present+
sublimates	sublimate	verb:simple_present+
sublimated	sublimate	verb:simple_past+
sublimated	sublimate	verb:past_participle+
sublimating	sublimate	verb:present_participle+
salt	salt	noun
salts	salt	noun:plural
salt	salt	adjective
salt	salt	verb:simple_present+
salts	salt	verb:simple_present+
salted	salt	verb:simple_past+
salted	salt	verb:past_participle+
salting	salt	verb:present_participle+
salting	salt	verb:present_participle
sugar	sugar	noun
sugar	sugar	interjection
sword	sword	noun
swords	sword	noun:plural
sharp	sharp	adjective
sharp	sharp	noun
smooth	smooth	adjective
stomach	stomach	noun
stomachs	stomach	noun:plural
stomach	stomach	verb:simple_present+
stomachs	stomach	verb:simple_present+
stomached	stomach	verb:simple_past+
stomached	stomach	verb:past_participle+
stomaching	stomach	verb:present_participle+
suck	suck	verb:simple_present+
sucks	suck	verb:simple_present+
sucked	suck	verb:simple_past+
sucked	suck	verb:past_participle+
sucking	suck	verb:present_participle+
stab	stab	verb:simple_present+transitive
stabs	stab	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	stab	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	stab	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	stab	verb:present_participle+transitive
stab	stab	noun
sand	sand	noun
sand	sand	adjective
sand	sand	verb:simple_present+transitive
sands	sand	verb:simple_present+transitive
sanded	sand	verb:simple_past+transitive
sanded	sand	verb:past_participle+transitive
sanding	sand	verb:present_participle+transitive
sanding	sand	verb:present_participle
stone	stone	noun
stones	stone	noun:plural
stone	stone	verb:simple_present+transitive
stones	stone	verb:simple_present+transitive
stoned	stone	verb:simple_past+transitive
stoned	stone	verb:past_participle+transitive
stoning	stone	verb:present_participle+transitive
stone	stone	adjective
stone	stone	adverbe
smoke	smoke	noun
smokes	smoke	noun:plural
smoke	smoke	adjective
smoke	smoke	verb:simple_present+transitive
smokes	smoke	verb:simple_present+transitive
smoked	smoke	verb:simple_past+transitive
smoked	smoke	verb:past_participle+transitive
smoking	smoke	verb:present_participle+transitive
smoke	smoke	verb:simple_present+intransitive
smokes	smoke	verb:simple_present+intransitive
smoked	smoke	verb:simple_past+intransitive
smoked	smoke	verb:past_participle+intransitive
smoking	smoke	verb:present_participle+intransitive
spaces	space	pronoun:plural
snow	snow	noun
snow	snow	verb:simple_present+
snows	snow	verb:simple_present+
snowed	snow	verb:simple_past+
snowed	snow	verb:past_participle+
snowing	snow	verb:present_participle+
snowing	snow	verb:present_participle
sal	sal	noun
sal	sal	proper noun
sal	sal	noun
sal	sal	noun
scabbard	scabbard	noun
sorry	sorry	adjective
sorry	sorry	interjection
state	state	noun
states	state	noun:plural
state	state	verb:simple_present+transitive
states	state	verb:simple_present+transitive
stated	state	verb:simple_past+transitive
stated	state	verb:past_participle+transitive
stating	state	verb:present_participle+transitive
subpoena	subpoena	noun
socialism	socialism	noun
samurai	samurai	noun
shogun	shogun	noun
san	san	preposition
s	s	letter
s	s	noun
still	still	noun
still	still	adjective
still	still	adverbe
still	still	verb:simple_present+
stills	still	verb:simple_present+
stilled	still	verb:simple_past+
stilled	still	verb:past_participle+
stilling	still	verb:present_participle+
seep	seep	verb:simple_present+intransitive
seeps	seep	verb:simple_present+intransitive
seeped	seep	verb:simple_past+intransitive
seeped	seep	verb:past_participle+intransitive
seeping	seep	verb:present_participle+intransitive
seep	seep	noun
skein	skein	noun
stop	stop	noun
stop	stop	verb:simple_present+
stops	stop	verb:simple_present+
???	stop	verb:simple_past+
???	stop	verb:past_participle+
???	stop	verb:present_participle+
stop	stop	verb:simple_present+intransitive
stops	stop	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	stop	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	stop	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	stop	verb:present_participle+intransitive
stop	stop	verb:simple_present+transitive
stops	stop	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	stop	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	stop	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	stop	verb:present_participle+transitive
stroke	stroke	noun
strokes	stroke	noun:plural
stroke	stroke	verb:simple_present+transitive
strokes	stroke	verb:simple_present+transitive
stroked	stroke	verb:simple_past+transitive
stroked	stroke	verb:past_participle+transitive
stroking	stroke	verb:present_participle+transitive
shock	shock	noun
shock	shock	verb:simple_present+
shocks	shock	verb:simple_present+
shocked	shock	verb:simple_past+
shocked	shock	verb:past_participle+
shocking	shock	verb:present_participle+
shocking	shock	verb:present_participle
screwdriver	screwdriver	noun
stallion	stallion	noun
settling	settling	verb:simple_present+
settlings	settling	verb:simple_present+
settlinged	settling	verb:simple_past+
settlinged	settling	verb:past_participle+
settlinging	settling	verb:present_participle+
seafloor	seafloor	noun
settle	settle	noun
settles	settle	noun:plural
settle	settle	verb:simple_present+
settles	settle	verb:simple_present+
settled	settle	verb:simple_past+
settled	settle	verb:past_participle+
settling	settle	verb:present_participle+
selenoid	selenoid	adjective
selenoid	selenoid	noun
solenoid	solenoid	noun
seem	seem	verb:simple_present+
seems	seem	verb:simple_present+
seemed	seem	verb:simple_past+
seemed	seem	verb:past_participle+
seeming	seem	verb:present_participle+
seam	seam	noun
stir	stir	verb:simple_present+transitive
stirs	stir	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	stir	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	stir	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	stir	verb:present_participle+transitive
stirring	stir	verb:present_participle
stir	stir	verb:simple_present+intransitive
stirs	stir	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	stir	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	stir	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	stir	verb:present_participle+intransitive
stir	stir	noun
seiyuu	seiyuu	noun
sensei	sensei	noun
subjective	subjective	adjective
similarity	similarity	noun
spoony	spoony	adjective
singularity	singularity	noun
Sabbath	Sabbath	proper noun
squash	squash	noun
squash	squash	verb:simple_present+transitive
squashs	squash	verb:simple_present+transitive
squashed	squash	verb:simple_past+transitive
squashed	squash	verb:past_participle+transitive
squashing	squash	verb:present_participle+transitive
squashing	squash	verb:present_participle
slimy	slimy	adjective
skyscraper	skyscraper	noun
suspension	suspension	noun
suit	suit	noun
suit	suit	verb:simple_present+
suits	suit	verb:simple_present+
suited	suit	verb:simple_past+
suited	suit	verb:past_participle+
suiting	suit	verb:present_participle+
suiting	suit	verb:present_participle
suit	suit	verb:simple_present+transitive
suits	suit	verb:simple_present+transitive
suited	suit	verb:simple_past+transitive
suited	suit	verb:past_participle+transitive
suiting	suit	verb:present_participle+transitive
suit	suit	verb:simple_present+intransitive
suits	suit	verb:simple_present+intransitive
suited	suit	verb:simple_past+intransitive
suited	suit	verb:past_participle+intransitive
suiting	suit	verb:present_participle+intransitive
synergy	synergy	noun
synergies	synergy	noun:plural
scrub	scrub	adjective
scrub	scrub	noun
scrub	scrub	verb:simple_present+
scrubs	scrub	verb:simple_present+
???	scrub	verb:simple_past+
???	scrub	verb:past_participle+
???	scrub	verb:present_participle+
substituent	substituent	noun
substituents	substituent	noun:plural
sake	sake	noun
sakes	sake	noun:plural
sake	sake	noun
sakes	sake	noun:plural
start	start	verb:simple_present+transitive
starts	start	verb:simple_present+transitive
started	start	verb:simple_past+transitive
started	start	verb:past_participle+transitive
starting	start	verb:present_participle+transitive
starting	start	verb:present_participle
start	start	verb:simple_present+intransitive
starts	start	verb:simple_present+intransitive
started	start	verb:simple_past+intransitive
started	start	verb:past_participle+intransitive
starting	start	verb:present_participle+intransitive
start	start	noun
starts	start	noun:plural
sofa	sofa	noun
sofas	sofa	noun:plural
saponaceous	saponaceous	adjective
sunset	sunset	noun
sunset	sunset	adjective
shitfaced	shitfaced	adjective
swound	swound	noun
swound	swound	verb:simple_present+
swounds	swound	verb:simple_present+
swounded	swound	verb:simple_past+
swounded	swound	verb:past_participle+
swounding	swound	verb:present_participle+
stepfather	stepfather	noun
stepfathers	stepfather	noun:plural
synthesizer	synthesizer	noun
stepmother	stepmother	noun
stepmothers	stepmother	noun:plural
size	size	noun
size	size	verb:simple_present+
sizes	size	verb:simple_present+
sized	size	verb:simple_past+
sized	size	verb:past_participle+
sizing	size	verb:present_participle+
sequence	sequence	noun
sequence	sequence	verb:simple_present+transitive
sequences	sequence	verb:simple_present+transitive
sequenced	sequence	verb:simple_past+transitive
sequenced	sequence	verb:past_participle+transitive
sequencing	sequence	verb:present_participle+transitive
slingshot	slingshot	noun
sarnie	sarnie	noun
stealth	stealth	noun
stealth	stealth	adjective
sodium	sodium	noun
silicon	silicon	noun
strokes	strokes	noun
strokes	strokes	verb:simple_present+
strokess	strokes	verb:simple_present+
???	strokes	verb:simple_past+
???	strokes	verb:past_participle+
???	strokes	verb:present_participle+
silica	silica	noun
smack-dab	smack-dab	adverbe
sartorial	sartorial	adjective
spelunking	spelunking	noun
spelunking	spelunking	verb:simple_present+
spelunkings	spelunking	verb:simple_present+
spelunkinged	spelunking	verb:simple_past+
spelunkinged	spelunking	verb:past_participle+
spelunkinging	spelunking	verb:present_participle+
search	search	verb:simple_present+
searchs	search	verb:simple_present+
searched	search	verb:simple_past+
searched	search	verb:past_participle+
searching	search	verb:present_participle+
search	search	verb:simple_present+transitive
searchs	search	verb:simple_present+transitive
searched	search	verb:simple_past+transitive
searched	search	verb:past_participle+transitive
searching	search	verb:present_participle+transitive
search	search	verb:simple_present+intransitive
searchs	search	verb:simple_present+intransitive
searched	search	verb:simple_past+intransitive
searched	search	verb:past_participle+intransitive
searching	search	verb:present_participle+intransitive
search	search	noun
searches	search	noun:plural
spider	spider	noun
spiders	spider	noun:plural
successism	successism	noun
sense	sense	noun
sense	sense	verb:simple_present+
senses	sense	verb:simple_present+
sensed	sense	verb:simple_past+
sensed	sense	verb:past_participle+
sensing	sense	verb:present_participle+
southpaw	southpaw	noun
screwball	screwball	noun
screwballs	screwball	noun:plural
screwball	screwball	adjective
squelch	squelch	verb:simple_present+
squelchs	squelch	verb:simple_present+
squelched	squelch	verb:simple_past+
squelched	squelch	verb:past_participle+
squelching	squelch	verb:present_participle+
squelching	squelch	verb:present_participle
splash	splash	noun
splashes	splash	noun:plural
splash	splash	verb:simple_present+
splashs	splash	verb:simple_present+
splashed	splash	verb:simple_past+
splashed	splash	verb:past_participle+
splashing	splash	verb:present_participle+
splashing	splash	verb:present_participle
sesquipedalophobia	sesquipedalophobia	noun
sea	sea	noun
seas	sea	noun:plural
sei	sei	noun
sei	sei	noun
seize	seize	verb:simple_present+
seizes	seize	verb:simple_present+
seized	seize	verb:simple_past+
seized	seize	verb:past_participle+
seizing	seize	verb:present_participle+
subtraction	subtraction	noun
subtractions	subtraction	noun:plural
sir	sir	noun
syzygy	syzygy	noun
sequel	sequel	noun
stars	stars	noun
stud	stud	noun
studs	stud	noun:plural
skagerrak	skagerrak	proper noun
Sardinian	Sardinian	proper noun
Stockholm	Stockholm	proper noun
sphere	sphere	noun
spheres	sphere	noun:plural
segment	segment	noun
segment	segment	verb:simple_present+transitive
segments	segment	verb:simple_present+transitive
segmented	segment	verb:simple_past+transitive
segmented	segment	verb:past_participle+transitive
segmenting	segment	verb:present_participle+transitive
serafuku	serafuku	noun
semicolon	semicolon	noun
stein	stein	noun
stien	stien	noun
subway	subway	noun
salty	salty	adjective
sulfur	sulfur	noun
sulfur	sulfur	adjective
scandium	scandium	noun
selenium	selenium	noun
strontium	strontium	noun
samarium	samarium	noun
seaborgium	seaborgium	noun
scandinavia	scandinavia	proper noun
Scandinavian	Scandinavian	noun
Scandinavian	Scandinavian	adjective
sexual	sexual	adjective
school	school	noun
school	school	verb:simple_present+transitive
schools	school	verb:simple_present+transitive
schooled	school	verb:simple_past+transitive
schooled	school	verb:past_participle+transitive
schooling	school	verb:present_participle+transitive
sex	sex	noun
sexes	sex	noun:plural
sex	sex	verb:simple_present+transitive
sexs	sex	verb:simple_present+transitive
sexed	sex	verb:simple_past+transitive
sexed	sex	verb:past_participle+transitive
sexing	sex	verb:present_participle+transitive
sexing	sex	verb:present_participle
solubility	solubility	noun
si	si	proper noun
si	si	verb:simple_present+
sis	si	verb:simple_present+
sied	si	verb:simple_past+
sied	si	verb:past_participle+
siing	si	verb:present_participle+
si	si	interjection
si	si	interjection
screw	screw	noun
screw	screw	verb:simple_present+transitive
screws	screw	verb:simple_present+transitive
screwed	screw	verb:simple_past+transitive
screwed	screw	verb:past_participle+transitive
screwing	screw	verb:present_participle+transitive
screwing	screw	verb:present_participle
sole	sole	noun
soles	sole	noun:plural
sole	sole	adjective
sole	sole	verb:simple_present+
soles	sole	verb:simple_present+
soled	sole	verb:simple_past+
soled	sole	verb:past_participle+
soling	sole	verb:present_participle+
spade	spade	noun
schelde	schelde	noun
shop	shop	noun
shop	shop	verb:simple_present+intransitive
shops	shop	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	shop	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	shop	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	shop	verb:present_participle+intransitive
shop	shop	verb:simple_present+transitive
shops	shop	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	shop	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	shop	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	shop	verb:present_participle+transitive
shopping	shop	verb:present_participle
strafe	strafe	verb:simple_present+transitive
strafes	strafe	verb:simple_present+transitive
strafed	strafe	verb:simple_past+transitive
strafed	strafe	verb:past_participle+transitive
strafing	strafe	verb:present_participle+transitive
strafe	strafe	noun
surname	surname	noun
surnames	surname	noun:plural
sohle	sohle	noun
scratch	scratch	verb:simple_present+
scratchs	scratch	verb:simple_present+
scratched	scratch	verb:simple_past+
scratched	scratch	verb:past_participle+
scratching	scratch	verb:present_participle+
scratch	scratch	noun
scratches	scratch	noun:plural
scratch	scratch	adjective
sweat	sweat	noun
sweats	sweat	noun:plural
sweat	sweat	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sweats	sweat	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sweated	sweat	verb:simple_past+intransitive
sweated	sweat	verb:past_participle+intransitive
sweating	sweat	verb:present_participle+intransitive
sweat	sweat	verb:simple_present+transitive
sweats	sweat	verb:simple_present+transitive
sweated	sweat	verb:simple_past+transitive
sweated	sweat	verb:past_participle+transitive
sweating	sweat	verb:present_participle+transitive
sweating	sweat	verb:present_participle
spectrum	spectrum	noun
steam	steam	noun
steam	steam	verb:simple_present+transitive
steams	steam	verb:simple_present+transitive
steamed	steam	verb:simple_past+transitive
steamed	steam	verb:past_participle+transitive
steaming	steam	verb:present_participle+transitive
steam	steam	verb:simple_present+intransitive
steams	steam	verb:simple_present+intransitive
steamed	steam	verb:simple_past+intransitive
steamed	steam	verb:past_participle+intransitive
steaming	steam	verb:present_participle+intransitive
salary	salary	noun
salaries	salary	noun:plural
semiconductor	semiconductor	noun
simulacrum	simulacrum	noun
simulacra	simulacra	noun
slogan	slogan	noun
safety	safety	noun
secure	secure	adjective
secure	secure	verb:simple_present+transitive
secures	secure	verb:simple_present+transitive
secured	secure	verb:simple_past+transitive
secured	secure	verb:past_participle+transitive
securing	secure	verb:present_participle+transitive
shall	shall	verb:simple_present+auxiliary
shalls	shall	verb:simple_present+auxiliary
should	shall	verb:simple_past+auxiliary
should	shall	verb:past_participle+auxiliary
shalling	shall	verb:present_participle+auxiliary
should	should	verb:simple_present+auxiliary
shoulds	should	verb:simple_present+auxiliary
shoulded	should	verb:simple_past+auxiliary
shoulded	should	verb:past_participle+auxiliary
shoulding	should	verb:present_participle+auxiliary
sacrament	sacrament	noun
secular	secular	adjective
supernatural	supernatural	adjective
seraph	seraph	noun
seraphim	seraph	noun:plural
slash	slash	noun
slash	slash	verb:simple_present+
slashs	slash	verb:simple_present+
slashed	slash	verb:simple_past+
slashed	slash	verb:past_participle+
slashing	slash	verb:present_participle+
snowball	snowball	noun
snowballs	snowball	noun:plural
snowball	snowball	verb:simple_present+
snowballs	snowball	verb:simple_present+
snowballed	snowball	verb:simple_past+
snowballed	snowball	verb:past_participle+
snowballing	snowball	verb:present_participle+
snowballing	snowball	verb:present_participle
strange	strange	adjective
sash	sash	noun
staff	staff	noun
staffs	staff	noun:plural
staff	staff	verb:simple_present+
staffs	staff	verb:simple_present+
staffed	staff	verb:simple_past+
staffed	staff	verb:past_participle+
staffing	staff	verb:present_participle+
side	side	noun
sides	side	noun:plural
sloop	sloop	noun
switch	switch	noun
switches	switch	noun:plural
switch	switch	verb:simple_present+transitive
switchs	switch	verb:simple_present+transitive
switched	switch	verb:simple_past+transitive
switched	switch	verb:past_participle+transitive
switching	switch	verb:present_participle+transitive
switching	switch	verb:present_participle
switch	switch	verb:simple_present+intransitive
switchs	switch	verb:simple_present+intransitive
switched	switch	verb:simple_past+intransitive
switched	switch	verb:past_participle+intransitive
switching	switch	verb:present_participle+intransitive
simultaneous	simultaneous	adjective
simultaneously	simultaneously	adverbe
simultaneity	simultaneity	noun
simultaneousness	simultaneousness	noun
ship	ship	noun
ship	ship	verb:simple_present+
ships	ship	verb:simple_present+
???	ship	verb:simple_past+
???	ship	verb:past_participle+
???	ship	verb:present_participle+
shipping	ship	verb:present_participle
smegma	smegma	noun
splinter	splinter	noun
splinter	splinter	verb:simple_present+intransitive
splinters	splinter	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	splinter	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	splinter	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	splinter	verb:present_participle+intransitive
splinter	splinter	verb:simple_present+transitive
splinters	splinter	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	splinter	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	splinter	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	splinter	verb:present_participle+transitive
Serbian	Serbian	noun
Serbian	Serbian	adjective
saturnian	saturnian	adjective
scarecrow	scarecrow	noun
secrete	secrete	verb:simple_present+
secretes	secrete	verb:simple_present+
secreted	secrete	verb:simple_past+
secreted	secrete	verb:past_participle+
secreting	secrete	verb:present_participle+
secrete	secrete	verb:simple_present+
secretes	secrete	verb:simple_present+
secreted	secrete	verb:simple_past+
secreted	secrete	verb:past_participle+
secreting	secrete	verb:present_participle+
surreptitious	surreptitious	adjective
sylvan	sylvan	adjective
sine	sine	noun
sines	sine	noun:plural
sine	sine	adjective
standoff	standoff	verb:simple_present+
standoffs	standoff	verb:simple_present+
standoffed	standoff	verb:simple_past+
standoffed	standoff	verb:past_participle+
standoffing	standoff	verb:present_participle+
standoff	standoff	noun
snowstorm	snowstorm	noun
sinecure	sinecure	noun
snowblower	snowblower	noun
scalar	scalar	adjective
scalar	scalar	noun
sail	sail	noun
sails	sail	noun:plural
sail	sail	verb:simple_present+
sails	sail	verb:simple_present+
sailed	sail	verb:simple_past+
sailed	sail	verb:past_participle+
sailing	sail	verb:present_participle+
slave	slave	noun
slaves	slave	noun:plural
slavery	slavery	noun
share	share	verb:simple_present+
shares	share	verb:simple_present+
shared	share	verb:simple_past+
shared	share	verb:past_participle+
sharing	share	verb:present_participle+
share	share	noun
shares	share	noun:plural
somnambulate	somnambulate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
somnambulates	somnambulate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
somnambulated	somnambulate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
somnambulated	somnambulate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
somnambulating	somnambulate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
solstice	solstice	noun
stressor	stressor	noun
Saint-Pierre	Saint-Pierre	proper noun
Sardinia	Sardinia	proper noun
savoy	savoy	proper noun
Seoul	Seoul	proper noun
Seville	Seville	proper noun
shanghai	shanghai	verb:simple_present+
shanghais	shanghai	verb:simple_present+
shanghaied	shanghai	verb:simple_past+
shanghaied	shanghai	verb:past_participle+
shanghaiing	shanghai	verb:present_participle+
Siberia	Siberia	proper noun
Sicily	Sicily	proper noun
silesia	silesia	proper noun
stuttgart	stuttgart	proper noun
Surinam	Surinam	proper noun
Syracuse	Syracuse	proper noun
skin	skin	noun
skins	skin	noun:plural
skin	skin	verb:simple_present+transitive
skins	skin	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	skin	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	skin	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	skin	verb:present_participle+transitive
skinning	skin	verb:present_participle
silence	silence	noun
silence	silence	verb:simple_present+
silences	silence	verb:simple_present+
silenced	silence	verb:simple_past+
silenced	silence	verb:past_participle+
silencing	silence	verb:present_participle+
salzburg	salzburg	proper noun
sulphur	sulphur	noun
sixteenth	sixteenth	adjective
sixteenth	sixteenth	noun
seventeenth	seventeenth	adjective
seventeenth	seventeenth	noun
sixtieth	sixtieth	adjective
sixtieth	sixtieth	noun
seventieth	seventieth	adjective
seventieth	seventieth	noun
screed	screed	noun
screed	screed	verb:simple_present+
screeds	screed	verb:simple_present+
screeded	screed	verb:simple_past+
screeded	screed	verb:past_participle+
screeding	screed	verb:present_participle+
sandwich	sandwich	noun
sandwich	sandwich	verb:simple_present+
sandwichs	sandwich	verb:simple_present+
sandwiched	sandwich	verb:simple_past+
sandwiched	sandwich	verb:past_participle+
sandwiching	sandwich	verb:present_participle+
seventy-first	seventy-first	adjective
seventy-first	seventy-first	noun
saggar	saggar	noun
snowflake	snowflake	noun
silversmith	silversmith	noun
strong	strong	adjective
strong	strong	adjective
strong	strong	adverbe
serpent	serpent	noun
sundae	sundae	noun
sundaes	sundae	noun:plural
Swiss	Swiss	noun
Swiss	Swiss	adjective
Swazi	Swazi	noun
Swazi	Swazi	adjective
Sudanese	Sudanese	noun
Sudanese	Sudanese	adjective
senegalese	senegalese	noun
senegalese	senegalese	adjective
swede	swede	noun
sahrawi	sahrawi	noun
sahrawi	sahrawi	adjective
syrian	syrian	noun
syrian	syrian	adjective
samoan	samoan	noun
samoan	samoan	adjective
Singaporean	Singaporean	noun
Singaporean	Singaporean	adjective
surinamese	surinamese	noun
surinamese	surinamese	adjective
salerno	salerno	proper noun
sassari	sassari	proper noun
savona	savona	proper noun
Siena	Siena	proper noun
Sondrio	Sondrio	proper noun
Salvadorian	Salvadorian	proper noun
Salvadorian	Salvadorian	adjective
siemens	siemens	noun
steradian	steradian	noun
saxophonist	saxophonist	noun
score	score	verb:simple_present+intransitive
scores	score	verb:simple_present+intransitive
scored	score	verb:simple_past+intransitive
scored	score	verb:past_participle+intransitive
scoring	score	verb:present_participle+intransitive
score	score	verb:simple_present+transitive
scores	score	verb:simple_present+transitive
scored	score	verb:simple_past+transitive
scored	score	verb:past_participle+transitive
scoring	score	verb:present_participle+transitive
score	score	noun
Saudi	Saudi	noun
Saudi	Saudi	adjective
somali	somali	noun
somali	somali	adjective
Somalian	Somalian	adjective
salvadoran	salvadoran	noun
salvadoran	salvadoran	adjective
sievert	sievert	noun
Swahili	Swahili	noun
shadow	shadow	noun
shadows	shadow	noun:plural
shadow	shadow	verb:simple_present+transitive
shadows	shadow	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	shadow	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	shadow	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	shadow	verb:present_participle+transitive
show-off	show-off	noun
soporific	soporific	noun
soporific	soporific	adjective
salad	salad	noun
spam	spam	noun
spams	spam	noun:plural
spam	spam	verb:simple_present+intransitive
spams	spam	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	spam	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	spam	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	spam	verb:present_participle+intransitive
stand-in	stand-in	noun
standpoint	standpoint	noun
standstill	standstill	noun
slowly	slowly	adverbe
sabbatical	sabbatical	adjective
sabbatical	sabbatical	noun
sabella	sabella	proper noun
sabella	sabella	noun
standout	standout	adjective
Samsung	Samsung	noun
soju	soju	noun
spelunk	spelunk	verb:simple_present+
spelunks	spelunk	verb:simple_present+
spelunked	spelunk	verb:simple_past+
spelunked	spelunk	verb:past_participle+
spelunking	spelunk	verb:present_participle+
spelunker	spelunker	noun
stereolithography	stereolithography	noun
spades	spades	noun
shiny	shiny	adjective
Sarajevo	Sarajevo	proper noun
supercompany	supercompany	noun
shumen	shumen	proper noun
silistra	silistra	proper noun
sliven	sliven	proper noun
Sofia	Sofia	proper noun
smolyan	smolyan	proper noun
signal	signal	noun
signal	signal	verb:simple_present+
signals	signal	verb:simple_present+
???	signal	verb:simple_past+
???	signal	verb:past_participle+
???	signal	verb:present_participle+
says	says	verb:simple_present+
sayss	says	verb:simple_present+
saysed	says	verb:simple_past+
saysed	says	verb:past_participle+
saysing	says	verb:present_participle+
secluded	secluded	adjective
secluded	secluded	verb:simple_present+
secludeds	secluded	verb:simple_present+
???	secluded	verb:simple_past+
???	secluded	verb:past_participle+
???	secluded	verb:present_participle+
stepson	stepson	noun
stepsons	stepson	noun:plural
stepdaughter	stepdaughter	noun
stepdaughters	stepdaughter	noun:plural
salubrious	salubrious	adjective
sark	sark	proper noun
Saaremaa	Saaremaa	proper noun
sunspot	sunspot	noun
sterile	sterile	adjective
saarland	saarland	proper noun
Saxony	Saxony	proper noun
saxony-Anhalt	saxony-Anhalt	proper noun
Schleswig-Holstein	Schleswig-Holstein	proper noun
sick	sick	adjective
sick	sick	noun
stepbrother	stepbrother	noun
stepbrothers	stepbrother	noun:plural
scent	scent	noun
scent	scent	verb:simple_present+transitive
scents	scent	verb:simple_present+transitive
scented	scent	verb:simple_past+transitive
scented	scent	verb:past_participle+transitive
scenting	scent	verb:present_participle+transitive
samting	samting	noun
samting	samting	adverbe
something	something	verb:simple_present+
somethings	something	verb:simple_present+
somethinged	something	verb:simple_past+
somethinged	something	verb:past_participle+
somethinging	something	verb:present_participle+
something	something	noun
somatize	somatize	verb:simple_present+
somatizes	somatize	verb:simple_present+
somatized	somatize	verb:simple_past+
somatized	somatize	verb:past_participle+
somatizing	somatize	verb:present_participle+
scorpion	scorpion	noun
sort	sort	verb:simple_present+
sorts	sort	verb:simple_present+
sorted	sort	verb:simple_past+
sorted	sort	verb:past_participle+
sorting	sort	verb:present_participle+
sort	sort	noun
sorts	sort	noun:plural
steel	steel	noun
steel	steel	adjective
spool	spool	verb:simple_present+
spools	spool	verb:simple_present+
spooled	spool	verb:simple_past+
spooled	spool	verb:past_participle+
spooling	spool	verb:present_participle+
stepsister	stepsister	noun
stepsisters	stepsister	noun:plural
Santorini	Santorini	proper noun
Salonika	Salonika	proper noun
Salonica	Salonica	proper noun
subtle	subtle	adjective
shelf	shelf	noun
shelves	shelf	noun:plural
scanner	scanner	noun
substitute	substitute	verb:simple_present+
substitutes	substitute	verb:simple_present+
substituted	substitute	verb:simple_past+
substituted	substitute	verb:past_participle+
substituting	substitute	verb:present_participle+
substitute	substitute	noun
substitutes	substitute	noun:plural
stamen	stamen	noun
siblings	siblings	noun
sisters	sisters	noun
snowman	snowman	noun
success	success	noun
stalk	stalk	noun
stalks	stalk	noun:plural
stalk	stalk	verb:simple_present+
stalks	stalk	verb:simple_present+
stalked	stalk	verb:simple_past+
stalked	stalk	verb:past_participle+
stalking	stalk	verb:present_participle+
stalking	stalk	verb:present_participle
service	service	noun
service	service	verb:simple_present+
services	service	verb:simple_present+
serviced	service	verb:simple_past+
serviced	service	verb:past_participle+
servicing	service	verb:present_participle+
she-ass	she-ass	noun
simian	simian	adjective
shrewdness	shrewdness	noun
she-bear	she-bear	noun
Skopje	Skopje	proper noun
Spitsbergen	Spitsbergen	proper noun
saber	saber	verb:simple_present+
sabers	saber	verb:simple_present+
???	saber	verb:simple_past+
???	saber	verb:past_participle+
???	saber	verb:present_participle+
Slovensko	Slovensko	proper noun
sunroof	sunroof	noun
souvenir	souvenir	noun
seine	seine	noun
seines	seine	noun:plural
seine	seine	verb:simple_present+
seines	seine	verb:simple_present+
seined	seine	verb:simple_past+
seined	seine	verb:past_participle+
seining	seine	verb:present_participle+
smite	smite	verb:simple_present+
smites	smite	verb:simple_present+
smote	smite	verb:simple_past+
smitten	smite	verb:past_participle+
smiting	smite	verb:present_participle+
shrimp	shrimp	noun
shrimps	shrimp	noun:plural
slip	slip	verb:simple_present+
slips	slip	verb:simple_present+
???	slip	verb:simple_past+
???	slip	verb:past_participle+
???	slip	verb:present_participle+
slipping	slip	verb:present_participle
slip	slip	verb:simple_present+intransitive
slips	slip	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	slip	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	slip	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	slip	verb:present_participle+intransitive
slip	slip	verb:simple_present+transitive
slips	slip	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	slip	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	slip	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	slip	verb:present_participle+transitive
slip	slip	noun
slips	slip	noun:plural
subtext	subtext	noun
subtexts	subtext	noun:plural
saxophone	saxophone	noun
seas	seas	noun
seas	seas	verb:simple_present+
seass	seas	verb:simple_present+
seased	seas	verb:simple_past+
seased	seas	verb:past_participle+
seasing	seas	verb:present_participle+
sees	sees	verb:simple_present+
seess	sees	verb:simple_present+
seesed	sees	verb:simple_past+
seesed	sees	verb:past_participle+
seesing	sees	verb:present_participle+
sans	sans	adjective
sans	sans	preposition
samothracian	samothracian	noun
snooker	snooker	noun
snooker	snooker	verb:simple_present+
snookers	snooker	verb:simple_present+
???	snooker	verb:simple_past+
???	snooker	verb:past_participle+
???	snooker	verb:present_participle+
special	special	adjective
special	special	noun
specials	special	noun:plural
sumo	sumo	noun
skunk	skunk	noun
skunks	skunk	noun:plural
ska	ska	noun
Shona	Shona	proper noun
Shona	Shona	proper noun
sinhalese	sinhalese	noun
sinhalese	sinhalese	adjective
Sioux	Sioux	proper noun
sinhala	sinhala	noun
Sarah	Sarah	proper noun
scenario	scenario	noun
shared	shared	adjective
scanty	scanty	adjective
system	system	noun
series	series	noun
series	series	noun:plural
stimulus	stimulus	noun
stratum	stratum	noun
synthesis	synthesis	noun
synopsis	synopsis	noun
sum	sum	noun
sums	sum	noun:plural
sum	sum	verb:simple_present+
sums	sum	verb:simple_present+
???	sum	verb:simple_past+
???	sum	verb:past_participle+
???	sum	verb:present_participle+
summing	sum	verb:present_participle
shortage	shortage	noun
servius	servius	proper noun
Sabbat	Sabbat	noun
spew	spew	noun
spew	spew	verb:simple_present+
spews	spew	verb:simple_present+
???	spew	verb:simple_past+
???	spew	verb:past_participle+
???	spew	verb:present_participle+
sorrow	sorrow	noun
sorrows	sorrow	noun:plural
sunrise	sunrise	noun
sunrise	sunrise	adjective
sunup	sunup	noun
sunup	sunup	adjective
Syracusae	Syracusae	proper noun
spice	spice	noun
spices	spice	noun:plural
spice	spice	verb:simple_present+
spices	spice	verb:simple_present+
spiced	spice	verb:simple_past+
spiced	spice	verb:past_participle+
spicing	spice	verb:present_participle+
suomi	suomi	noun
suitcase	suitcase	noun
soh	soh	noun
smith	smith	noun
smiths	smith	noun:plural
spanner	spanner	noun
spanners	spanner	noun:plural
statistics	statistics	noun
surd	surd	noun
surds	surd	noun:plural
smog	smog	noun
smog	smog	noun
semi-weekly	semi-weekly	noun
semi-annually	semi-annually	noun
semifinal	semifinal	noun
semester	semester	noun
semi	semi	noun
semis	semi	noun:plural
similar	similar	adjective
Sequoyah	Sequoyah	proper noun
syphilis	syphilis	noun
sedan	sedan	noun
sedans	sedan	noun:plural
saloon	saloon	noun
saloons	saloon	noun:plural
sheet	sheet	noun
schwa	schwa	noun
skid	skid	noun
skid	skid	verb:simple_present+intransitive
skids	skid	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	skid	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	skid	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	skid	verb:present_participle+intransitive
speaker	speaker	noun
sabre	sabre	noun
sabres	sabre	noun:plural
sabre	sabre	verb:simple_present+transitive
sabres	sabre	verb:simple_present+transitive
sabred	sabre	verb:simple_past+transitive
sabred	sabre	verb:past_participle+transitive
sabring	sabre	verb:present_participle+transitive
sow	sow	noun
sows	sow	noun:plural
sow	sow	verb:simple_present+transitive
sows	sow	verb:simple_present+transitive
sowed	sow	verb:simple_past+transitive
sowed	sow	verb:past_participle+transitive
sown	sow	verb:past_participle+transitive
sowing	sow	verb:present_participle+transitive
sowing	sow	verb:present_participle
sacrifice	sacrifice	verb:simple_present+
sacrifices	sacrifice	verb:simple_present+
sacrificed	sacrifice	verb:simple_past+
sacrificed	sacrifice	verb:past_participle+
sacrificing	sacrifice	verb:present_participle+
sacrifice	sacrifice	noun
sacrifices	sacrifice	noun:plural
sexist	sexist	adjective
sexist	sexist	noun
sexists	sexist	noun:plural
scale	scale	noun
scale	scale	verb:simple_present+
scales	scale	verb:simple_present+
scaled	scale	verb:simple_past+
scaled	scale	verb:past_participle+
scaling	scale	verb:present_participle+
scale	scale	noun
scale	scale	verb:simple_present+
scales	scale	verb:simple_present+
scaled	scale	verb:simple_past+
scaled	scale	verb:past_participle+
scaling	scale	verb:present_participle+
scale	scale	noun
spim	spim	noun
storc	storc	noun
spirit	spirit	noun
spirits	spirit	noun:plural
spirit	spirit	proper noun
seed	seed	noun
seeds	seed	noun:plural
seed	seed	verb:simple_present+transitive
seeds	seed	verb:simple_present+transitive
seeded	seed	verb:simple_past+transitive
seeded	seed	verb:past_participle+transitive
seeding	seed	verb:present_participle+transitive
seeding	seed	verb:present_participle
seed	seed	adjective
sheepfold	sheepfold	noun
squeeze	squeeze	verb:simple_present+transitive
squeezes	squeeze	verb:simple_present+transitive
squeezed	squeeze	verb:simple_past+transitive
squeezed	squeeze	verb:past_participle+transitive
squeezing	squeeze	verb:present_participle+transitive
squeeze	squeeze	noun
salud	salud	interjection
socialist	socialist	adjective
socialist	socialist	noun
socialists	socialist	noun:plural
snog	snog	verb:simple_present+
snogs	snog	verb:simple_present+
???	snog	verb:simple_past+
???	snog	verb:past_participle+
???	snog	verb:present_participle+
snog	snog	noun
snogs	snog	noun:plural
semiannual	semiannual	adjective
sicilian	sicilian	adjective
sicilian	sicilian	noun
steward	steward	noun
seismology	seismology	noun
seismologist	seismologist	noun
seismic	seismic	adjective
sneeze	sneeze	verb:simple_present+
sneezes	sneeze	verb:simple_present+
sneezed	sneeze	verb:simple_past+
sneezed	sneeze	verb:past_participle+
sneezing	sneeze	verb:present_participle+
sneeze	sneeze	noun
sneezes	sneeze	noun:plural
snore	snore	verb:simple_present+intransitive
snores	snore	verb:simple_present+intransitive
snored	snore	verb:simple_past+intransitive
snored	snore	verb:past_participle+intransitive
snoring	snore	verb:present_participle+intransitive
snore	snore	noun
speech	speech	noun
speeches	speech	noun:plural
Saturn	Saturn	proper noun
study	study	verb:simple_present+
studies	study	verb:simple_present+
studied	study	verb:simple_past+
studied	study	verb:past_participle+
studying	study	verb:present_participle+
studying	study	verb:present_participle
study	study	noun
studies	study	noun:plural
sleepy	sleepy	adjective
sinister	sinister	adjective
shallows	shallows	noun
source	source	noun
sources	source	noun:plural
source	source	verb:simple_present+
sources	source	verb:simple_present+
sourced	source	verb:simple_past+
sourced	source	verb:past_participle+
sourcing	source	verb:present_participle+
sauce	sauce	noun
sauce	sauce	verb:simple_present+
sauces	sauce	verb:simple_present+
sauced	sauce	verb:simple_past+
sauced	sauce	verb:past_participle+
saucing	sauce	verb:present_participle+
scum	scum	noun
swig	swig	verb:simple_present+
swigs	swig	verb:simple_present+
???	swig	verb:simple_past+
???	swig	verb:past_participle+
???	swig	verb:present_participle+
swig	swig	noun
sleeve	sleeve	noun
sleeves	sleeve	noun:plural
sleeve	sleeve	verb:simple_present+transitive
sleeves	sleeve	verb:simple_present+transitive
sleeved	sleeve	verb:simple_past+transitive
sleeved	sleeve	verb:past_participle+transitive
sleeving	sleeve	verb:present_participle+transitive
spout	spout	noun
spout	spout	verb:simple_present+
spouts	spout	verb:simple_present+
spouted	spout	verb:simple_past+
spouted	spout	verb:past_participle+
spouting	spout	verb:present_participle+
sprout	sprout	noun
sprouts	sprout	noun:plural
sprout	sprout	verb:simple_present+transitive
sprouts	sprout	verb:simple_present+transitive
sprouted	sprout	verb:simple_past+transitive
sprouted	sprout	verb:past_participle+transitive
sprouting	sprout	verb:present_participle+transitive
serif	serif	noun
serifs	serif	noun:plural
succubus	succubus	noun
selenology	selenology	noun
selenologist	selenologist	noun
stove	stove	noun
stove	stove	verb:simple_present+
stoves	stove	verb:simple_present+
stoved	stove	verb:simple_past+
stoved	stove	verb:past_participle+
stoving	stove	verb:present_participle+
she-wolf	she-wolf	noun
snare	snare	noun
snares	snare	noun:plural
snare	snare	verb:simple_present+
snares	snare	verb:simple_present+
snared	snare	verb:simple_past+
snared	snare	verb:past_participle+
snaring	snare	verb:present_participle+
soul	soul	noun
santa	santa	proper noun
squeegee	squeegee	noun
scrabble	scrabble	verb:simple_present+intransitive
scrabbles	scrabble	verb:simple_present+intransitive
scrabbled	scrabble	verb:simple_past+intransitive
scrabbled	scrabble	verb:past_participle+intransitive
scrabbling	scrabble	verb:present_participle+intransitive
swimming	swimming	verb:simple_present+
swimmings	swimming	verb:simple_present+
swimminged	swimming	verb:simple_past+
swimminged	swimming	verb:past_participle+
swimminging	swimming	verb:present_participle+
swimming	swimming	noun
stalemate	stalemate	noun
spot	spot	noun
spot	spot	verb:simple_present+
spots	spot	verb:simple_present+
???	spot	verb:simple_past+
???	spot	verb:past_participle+
???	spot	verb:present_participle+
stale	stale	adjective
snug	snug	noun
snug	snug	adjective
sphinx	sphinx	noun
sphinx	sphinx	proper noun
stratification	stratification	noun
shackle	shackle	noun
shackles	shackles	noun
spear	spear	noun
spears	spear	noun:plural
spear	spear	verb:simple_present+
spears	spear	verb:simple_present+
speared	spear	verb:simple_past+
speared	spear	verb:past_participle+
spearing	spear	verb:present_participle+
spearing	spear	verb:present_participle
sabotage	sabotage	noun
saboteur	saboteur	noun
so-so	so-so	adjective
so-so	so-so	adverbe
sham	sham	noun
sham	sham	verb:simple_present+
shams	sham	verb:simple_present+
???	sham	verb:simple_past+
???	sham	verb:past_participle+
???	sham	verb:present_participle+
sons	sons	noun
sundial	sundial	noun
shark	shark	noun
Strasburg	Strasburg	proper noun
snack	snack	noun
snack	snack	verb:simple_present+
snacks	snack	verb:simple_present+
snacked	snack	verb:simple_past+
snacked	snack	verb:past_participle+
snacking	snack	verb:present_participle+
stuff	stuff	noun
stuff	stuff	verb:simple_present+
stuffs	stuff	verb:simple_present+
stuffed	stuff	verb:simple_past+
stuffed	stuff	verb:past_participle+
stuffing	stuff	verb:present_participle+
stuffing	stuff	verb:present_participle
stuffing	stuffing	verb:simple_present+
stuffings	stuffing	verb:simple_present+
stuffinged	stuffing	verb:simple_past+
stuffinged	stuffing	verb:past_participle+
stuffinging	stuffing	verb:present_participle+
stuffing	stuffing	noun
skinny	skinny	adjective
skinny	skinny	noun
semiotics	semiotics	noun
smorgasbord	smorgasbord	noun
sketch	sketch	verb:simple_present+
sketchs	sketch	verb:simple_present+
sketched	sketch	verb:simple_past+
sketched	sketch	verb:past_participle+
sketching	sketch	verb:present_participle+
sketch	sketch	noun
sketchbook	sketchbook	noun
sketchy	sketchy	adjective
Scottish	Scottish	adjective
stodge	stodge	noun
stodgy	stodgy	adjective
Serbo-Croatian	Serbo-Croatian	noun
Serbo-Croatian	Serbo-Croatian	adjective
Scorpio	Scorpio	proper noun
steer	steer	noun
steer	steer	verb:simple_present+
steers	steer	verb:simple_present+
steered	steer	verb:simple_past+
steered	steer	verb:past_participle+
steering	steer	verb:present_participle+
sessile	sessile	adjective
symmetric	symmetric	adjective
symmetry	symmetry	noun
suicide	suicide	noun
step	step	verb:simple_present+intransitive
steps	step	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	step	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	step	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	step	verb:present_participle+intransitive
step	step	verb:simple_present+transitive
steps	step	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	step	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	step	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	step	verb:present_participle+transitive
step	step	noun
steps	step	noun:plural
steppe	steppe	noun
ski	ski	verb:simple_present+
skis	ski	verb:simple_present+
skied	ski	verb:simple_past+
skied	ski	verb:past_participle+
skiing	ski	verb:present_participle+
ski	ski	noun
skis	ski	noun:plural
sneer	sneer	verb:simple_present+
sneers	sneer	verb:simple_present+
sneered	sneer	verb:simple_past+
sneered	sneer	verb:past_participle+
sneering	sneer	verb:present_participle+
sneering	sneer	verb:present_participle
sneer	sneer	noun
scold	scold	verb:simple_present+
scolds	scold	verb:simple_present+
scolded	scold	verb:simple_past+
scolded	scold	verb:past_participle+
scolding	scold	verb:present_participle+
scolding	scold	verb:present_participle
scold	scold	noun
snot	snot	noun
softball	softball	noun
softball	softball	adverbe
syncopated	syncopated	adjective
syncopation	syncopation	noun
stochastic	stochastic	adjective
sesquipedalian	sesquipedalian	adjective
stipe	stipe	noun
snatch	snatch	verb:simple_present+
snatchs	snatch	verb:simple_present+
snatched	snatch	verb:simple_past+
snatched	snatch	verb:past_participle+
snatching	snatch	verb:present_participle+
snatching	snatch	verb:present_participle
snatch	snatch	noun
sindonology	sindonology	noun
sindonological	sindonological	adjective
septum	septum	noun
sigmoid	sigmoid	adjective
sigmoid	sigmoid	noun
starboard	starboard	adjective
semilunar	semilunar	adjective
stammer	stammer	verb:simple_present+
stammers	stammer	verb:simple_present+
???	stammer	verb:simple_past+
???	stammer	verb:past_participle+
???	stammer	verb:present_participle+
stammer	stammer	noun
stutter	stutter	verb:simple_present+intransitive
stutters	stutter	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	stutter	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	stutter	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	stutter	verb:present_participle+intransitive
stutter	stutter	noun
shilling	shilling	noun
shillings	shilling	noun:plural
sai	sai	noun
sturgeon	sturgeon	noun
sublow	sublow	noun
sadomasochism	sadomasochism	noun
sadomasochist	sadomasochist	noun
sadomasochists	sadomasochist	noun:plural
sadomasochistic	sadomasochistic	adjective
sadism	sadism	noun
sad	sad	adjective
serial	serial	adjective
serial	serial	noun
soup	soup	noun
soups	soup	noun:plural
surreal	surreal	adjective
submarine	submarine	adjective
submarine	submarine	noun
sperm	sperm	noun
sperms	sperm	noun:plural
spermicide	spermicide	noun
semibreve	semibreve	noun
semibreves	semibreve	noun:plural
semiquaver	semiquaver	noun
shergottite	shergottite	noun
semitic	semitic	adjective
semitic	semitic	noun
semitics	semitic	noun:plural
stare	stare	verb:simple_present+
stares	stare	verb:simple_present+
stared	stare	verb:simple_past+
stared	stare	verb:past_participle+
staring	stare	verb:present_participle+
stare	stare	noun
single	single	adjective
single	single	noun
sleet	sleet	noun
sleet	sleet	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sleets	sleet	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sleeted	sleet	verb:simple_past+intransitive
sleeted	sleet	verb:past_participle+intransitive
sleeting	sleet	verb:present_participle+intransitive
second-person	second-person	adjective
shepherd	shepherd	noun
sunstroke	sunstroke	noun
salable	salable	adjective
Slytherin	Slytherin	proper noun
smitten	smitten	adjective
shithouse	shithouse	noun
sailboat	sailboat	noun
sock	sock	noun
sock	sock	verb:simple_present+
socks	sock	verb:simple_present+
socked	sock	verb:simple_past+
socked	sock	verb:past_participle+
socking	sock	verb:present_participle+
spoon	spoon	noun
spoons	spoon	noun:plural
spoon	spoon	verb:simple_present+
spoons	spoon	verb:simple_present+
spooned	spoon	verb:simple_past+
spooned	spoon	verb:past_participle+
spooning	spoon	verb:present_participle+
spooning	spoon	verb:present_participle
silverware	silverware	noun
spinach	spinach	noun
shah	shah	noun
stage	stage	noun
stage	stage	verb:simple_present+
stages	stage	verb:simple_present+
staged	stage	verb:simple_past+
staged	stage	verb:past_participle+
staging	stage	verb:present_participle+
shovel	shovel	noun
shovel	shovel	verb:simple_present+
shovels	shovel	verb:simple_present+
???	shovel	verb:simple_past+
???	shovel	verb:past_participle+
???	shovel	verb:present_participle+
shovelling	shovel	verb:present_participle
sauerkraut	sauerkraut	noun
supercalifragilisticexpialidocious	supercalifragilisticexpialidocious	adjective
souvlaki	souvlaki	noun
shawarma	shawarma	noun
Schaffhausen	Schaffhausen	proper noun
Schwyz	Schwyz	proper noun
Solothurn	Solothurn	proper noun
sebec	sebec	noun
Socrates	Socrates	proper noun
syllogism	syllogism	noun
syllogisms	syllogism	noun:plural
stoic	stoic	noun
stoic	stoic	adjective
stoik	stoik	noun
scabbers	scabbers	proper noun
swarf	swarf	noun
schism	schism	noun
shakuhachi	shakuhachi	noun
sever	sever	verb:simple_present+
severs	sever	verb:simple_present+
severed	sever	verb:simple_past+
severed	sever	verb:past_participle+
severing	sever	verb:present_participle+
severing	sever	verb:present_participle
sever	sever	noun
spyglass	spyglass	noun
snob	snob	noun
snobs	snob	noun:plural
strelec	strelec	noun
strelec	strelec	proper noun
shitload	shitload	noun
squick	squick	verb:simple_present+
squicks	squick	verb:simple_present+
squicked	squick	verb:simple_past+
squicked	squick	verb:past_participle+
squicking	squick	verb:present_participle+
squicking	squick	verb:present_participle
somewhere	somewhere	adverbe
starter	starter	noun
starters	starter	noun:plural
shotgun	shotgun	noun
shotgun	shotgun	verb:simple_present+
shotguns	shotgun	verb:simple_present+
???	shotgun	verb:simple_past+
???	shotgun	verb:past_participle+
???	shotgun	verb:present_participle+
shotgun	shotgun	verb:simple_present+transitive
shotguns	shotgun	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	shotgun	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	shotgun	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	shotgun	verb:present_participle+transitive
shotgun	shotgun	interjection
supplicant	supplicant	noun
supplicants	supplicant	noun:plural
substantivo	substantivo	noun
stern	stern	adjective
stern	stern	noun
silverfish	silverfish	noun
staccato	staccato	adverbe
smart	smart	adjective
smart	smart	verb:simple_present+
smarts	smart	verb:simple_present+
smarted	smart	verb:simple_past+
smarted	smart	verb:past_participle+
smarting	smart	verb:present_participle+
subversive	subversive	adjective
subversive	subversive	noun
stub	stub	noun
stub	stub	verb:simple_present+
stubs	stub	verb:simple_present+
???	stub	verb:simple_past+
???	stub	verb:past_participle+
???	stub	verb:present_participle+
solremifa	solremifa	verb:simple_present+
solremifas	solremifa	verb:simple_present+
solremifad	solremifa	verb:simple_past+
solremifad	solremifa	verb:past_participle+
solremifing	solremifa	verb:present_participle+
sprog	sprog	noun
sprog	sprog	noun
snailery	snailery	noun
snaileries	snailery	noun:plural
spruce	spruce	noun
spruce	spruce	adjective
sterilize	sterilize	noun
seis	seis	interjection
sub	sub	noun
subs	sub	noun:plural
super	super	adjective
seismicity	seismicity	noun
soprano	soprano	noun
sopranos	soprano	noun:plural
slob	slob	noun
senior	senior	adjective
senior	senior	adjective
senior	senior	noun
sikh	sikh	noun
sexy	sexy	adjective
saint	saint	noun
sol-fa	sol-fa	noun
saintly	saintly	adjective
stella	stella	noun
stain	stain	noun
stain	stain	verb:simple_present+
stains	stain	verb:simple_present+
stained	stain	verb:simple_past+
stained	stain	verb:past_participle+
staining	stain	verb:present_participle+
staining	stain	verb:present_participle
smut	smut	noun
soldier	soldier	noun
soldier	soldier	verb:simple_present+
soldiers	soldier	verb:simple_present+
soldiered	soldier	verb:simple_past+
soldiered	soldier	verb:past_participle+
soldiering	soldier	verb:present_participle+
surface	surface	noun
surface	surface	verb:simple_present+
surfaces	surface	verb:simple_present+
surfaced	surface	verb:simple_past+
surfaced	surface	verb:past_participle+
surfacing	surface	verb:present_participle+
senate	senate	noun
syncretic	syncretic	adjective
skull	skull	noun
scull	scull	noun
scull	scull	verb:simple_present+
sculls	scull	verb:simple_present+
sculled	scull	verb:simple_past+
sculled	scull	verb:past_participle+
sculling	scull	verb:present_participle+
sculling	scull	verb:present_participle
scull	scull	verb:simple_present+
sculls	scull	verb:simple_present+
sculled	scull	verb:simple_past+
sculled	scull	verb:past_participle+
sculling	scull	verb:present_participle+
sculling	scull	verb:present_participle
singer	singer	noun
singers	singer	noun:plural
student	student	noun
students	student	noun:plural
scatter	scatter	verb:simple_present+transitive
scatters	scatter	verb:simple_present+transitive
scattered	scatter	verb:simple_past+transitive
scattered	scatter	verb:past_participle+transitive
scattering	scatter	verb:present_participle+transitive
scattering	scatter	verb:present_participle
scatter	scatter	verb:simple_present+intransitive
scatters	scatter	verb:simple_present+intransitive
scattered	scatter	verb:simple_past+intransitive
scattered	scatter	verb:past_participle+intransitive
scattering	scatter	verb:present_participle+intransitive
scour	scour	verb:simple_present+
scours	scour	verb:simple_present+
scoured	scour	verb:simple_past+
scoured	scour	verb:past_participle+
scouring	scour	verb:present_participle+
scouring	scour	verb:present_participle
slushbox	slushbox	noun
slushboxes	slushbox	noun:plural
sidereal	sidereal	adjective
scip	scip	noun
spotface	spotface	noun
spotface	spotface	verb:simple_present+transitive
spotfaces	spotface	verb:simple_present+transitive
spotfaced	spotface	verb:simple_past+transitive
spotfaced	spotface	verb:past_participle+transitive
spotfacing	spotface	verb:present_participle+transitive
stan	stan	noun
stan	stan	noun
sorg	sorg	noun
sawol	sawol	noun
samizdat	samizdat	noun
solder	solder	noun
solder	solder	verb:simple_present+
solders	solder	verb:simple_present+
soldered	solder	verb:simple_past+
soldered	solder	verb:past_participle+
soldering	solder	verb:present_participle+
soldering	solder	verb:present_participle
soon	soon	adverbe
sooner	sooner	adverbe
sooner	sooner	proper noun
spawn	spawn	verb:simple_present+
spawns	spawn	verb:simple_present+
spawned	spawn	verb:simple_past+
spawned	spawn	verb:past_participle+
spawning	spawn	verb:present_participle+
spawn	spawn	noun
solitude	solitude	noun
solitude	solitude	noun
shoehorn	shoehorn	noun
shoehorn	shoehorn	verb:simple_present+
shoehorns	shoehorn	verb:simple_present+
shoehorned	shoehorn	verb:simple_past+
shoehorned	shoehorn	verb:past_participle+
shoehorning	shoehorn	verb:present_participle+
sherry	sherry	noun
sherries	sherry	noun:plural
stridulate	stridulate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
stridulates	stridulate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
stridulated	stridulate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
stridulated	stridulate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
stridulating	stridulate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
stridulation	stridulation	noun
sojourn	sojourn	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sojourns	sojourn	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sojourned	sojourn	verb:simple_past+intransitive
sojourned	sojourn	verb:past_participle+intransitive
sojourning	sojourn	verb:present_participle+intransitive
sojourn	sojourn	noun
scanlation	scanlation	noun
starveling	starveling	noun
scanlator	scanlator	noun
scanlators	scanlator	noun:plural
shart	shart	verb:simple_present+
sharts	shart	verb:simple_present+
sharted	shart	verb:simple_past+
sharted	shart	verb:past_participle+
sharting	shart	verb:present_participle+
shart	shart	noun
sesquipedal	sesquipedal	adjective
staircase	staircase	noun
staircases	staircase	noun:plural
snitch	snitch	verb:simple_present+
snitchs	snitch	verb:simple_present+
snitched	snitch	verb:simple_past+
snitched	snitch	verb:past_participle+
snitching	snitch	verb:present_participle+
snitching	snitch	verb:present_participle
snitch	snitch	noun
seeker	seeker	noun
surjection	surjection	noun
swine	swine	noun
swines	swine	noun:plural
sepulchral	sepulchral	adjective
scion	scion	noun
schesis	schesis	noun
sciomachy	sciomachy	noun
seeksorrow	seeksorrow	noun
sitzkrieg	sitzkrieg	noun
sockdolager	sockdolager	noun
somniloquous	somniloquous	adjective
sophomania	sophomania	noun
spadassin	spadassin	noun
spelunc	spelunc	noun
sapphic	sapphic	adjective
salamandroid	salamandroid	adjective
scelerat	scelerat	noun
septemfluous	septemfluous	adjective
spiral	spiral	noun
spirals	spiral	noun:plural
spiral	spiral	verb:simple_present+intransitive
spirals	spiral	verb:simple_present+intransitive
spiraled	spiral	verb:simple_past+intransitive
spiraled	spiral	verb:past_participle+intransitive
spiraling	spiral	verb:present_participle+intransitive
spiral	spiral	noun
scotch	scotch	noun
scotches	scotch	noun:plural
scotch	scotch	proper noun
scotch	scotch	adjective
scotch	scotch	verb:simple_present+transitive
scotchs	scotch	verb:simple_present+transitive
scotched	scotch	verb:simple_past+transitive
scotched	scotch	verb:past_participle+transitive
scotching	scotch	verb:present_participle+transitive
scotching	scotch	verb:present_participle
selective	selective	adjective
select	select	adjective
select	select	verb:simple_present+
selects	select	verb:simple_present+
selected	select	verb:simple_past+
selected	select	verb:past_participle+
selecting	select	verb:present_participle+
selecting	select	verb:present_participle
situation	situation	noun
situations	situation	noun:plural
sororal	sororal	adjective
spectacles	spectacles	noun
specs	specs	noun
stoopid	stoopid	adjective
superfluous	superfluous	adjective
sous	sous	noun
sue	sue	verb:simple_present+transitive
sues	sue	verb:simple_present+transitive
sued	sue	verb:simple_past+transitive
sued	sue	verb:past_participle+transitive
suing	sue	verb:present_participle+transitive
softcore	softcore	noun
steorra	steorra	noun
scofl	scofl	noun
shortcut	shortcut	noun
story	story	noun
stories	story	noun:plural
story	story	noun
stories	story	noun:plural
skinflint	skinflint	noun
scuba	scuba	noun
scubas	scuba	noun:plural
scuba	scuba	adjective
sheath	sheath	noun
sheaths	sheath	noun:plural
sheath	sheath	verb:simple_present+transitive
sheaths	sheath	verb:simple_present+transitive
sheathed	sheath	verb:simple_past+transitive
sheathed	sheath	verb:past_participle+transitive
sheathing	sheath	verb:present_participle+transitive
sheathing	sheath	verb:present_participle
sheathe	sheathe	verb:simple_present+transitive
sheathes	sheathe	verb:simple_present+transitive
sheathed	sheathe	verb:simple_past+transitive
sheathed	sheathe	verb:past_participle+transitive
sheathing	sheathe	verb:present_participle+transitive
sheeple	sheeple	noun
sheople	sheople	noun
smackhead	smackhead	noun
smackheads	smackhead	noun:plural
stratocracy	stratocracy	noun
stupefaction	stupefaction	noun
scarab	scarab	noun
sebaciousness	sebaciousness	adjective
spite	spite	noun
spite	spite	verb:simple_present+
spites	spite	verb:simple_present+
spited	spite	verb:simple_past+
spited	spite	verb:past_participle+
spiting	spite	verb:present_participle+
sadh	sadh	noun
scientist	scientist	noun
supper	supper	noun
supper	supper	verb:simple_present+
suppers	supper	verb:simple_present+
???	supper	verb:simple_past+
???	supper	verb:past_participle+
???	supper	verb:present_participle+
Strigiformes	Strigiformes	proper noun
savage	savage	adjective
savage	savage	noun
savages	savage	noun:plural
savage	savage	verb:simple_present+transitive
savages	savage	verb:simple_present+transitive
savaged	savage	verb:simple_past+transitive
savaged	savage	verb:past_participle+transitive
savaging	savage	verb:present_participle+transitive
shuriken	shuriken	noun
squab	squab	noun
squabs	squab	noun:plural
specter	specter	noun
stunner	stunner	noun
stunners	stunner	noun:plural
stunna	stunna	noun
stunnas	stunna	noun:plural
sac	sac	noun
sauna	sauna	noun
saunas	sauna	noun:plural
sauna	sauna	verb:simple_present+
saunas	sauna	verb:simple_present+
saunad	sauna	verb:simple_past+
saunad	sauna	verb:past_participle+
sauning	sauna	verb:present_participle+
siege	siege	noun
siege	siege	verb:simple_present+
sieges	siege	verb:simple_present+
sieged	siege	verb:simple_past+
sieged	siege	verb:past_participle+
sieging	siege	verb:present_participle+
skilful	skilful	adjective
superlatives	superlatives	noun
sepulchre	sepulchre	noun
sepulchres	sepulchre	noun:plural
shrine	shrine	noun
sup	sup	verb:simple_present+
sups	sup	verb:simple_present+
???	sup	verb:simple_past+
???	sup	verb:past_participle+
???	sup	verb:present_participle+
sup	sup	interjection
sup	sup	noun
scacchic	scacchic	adjective
skala	skala	noun
skeleton	skeleton	noun
skeletons	skeleton	noun:plural
samurajka	samurajka	noun
sub-lieutenant	sub-lieutenant	noun
sub-lieutenants	sub-lieutenant	noun:plural
spaghetti	spaghetti	noun
spaghettis	spaghetti	noun:plural
sirrah	sirrah	noun
schody	schody	noun
schody	schody	noun
schod	schod	noun
stairway	stairway	noun
saga	saga	noun
Sammy	Sammy	proper noun
svet	svet	noun
serene	serene	adjective
synonyms	synonyms	noun
spouse	spouse	noun
spouses	spouse	noun:plural
sealtan	sealtan	verb:simple_present+
sealtans	sealtan	verb:simple_present+
???	sealtan	verb:simple_past+
???	sealtan	verb:past_participle+
???	sealtan	verb:present_participle+
sieltan	sieltan	verb:simple_present+
sieltans	sieltan	verb:simple_present+
???	sieltan	verb:simple_past+
???	sieltan	verb:past_participle+
???	sieltan	verb:present_participle+
sealt	sealt	noun
sealt	sealt	adjective
springbok	springbok	noun
springboks	springbok	noun:plural
sodom	sodom	noun
sodom	sodom	noun
shortening	shortening	noun
shortening	shortening	verb:simple_present+
shortenings	shortening	verb:simple_present+
shorteninged	shortening	verb:simple_past+
shorteninged	shortening	verb:past_participle+
shorteninging	shortening	verb:present_participle+
sorbitol	sorbitol	noun
stepchild	stepchild	noun
scant	scant	adjective
sassy	sassy	adjective
scuttle	scuttle	noun
scuttle	scuttle	verb:simple_present+
scuttles	scuttle	verb:simple_present+
scuttled	scuttle	verb:simple_past+
scuttled	scuttle	verb:past_participle+
scuttling	scuttle	verb:present_participle+
sack	sack	noun
sack	sack	verb:simple_present+
sacks	sack	verb:simple_present+
sacked	sack	verb:simple_past+
sacked	sack	verb:past_participle+
sacking	sack	verb:present_participle+
sacking	sack	verb:present_participle
sack	sack	verb:simple_present+
sacks	sack	verb:simple_present+
sacked	sack	verb:simple_past+
sacked	sack	verb:past_participle+
sacking	sack	verb:present_participle+
slut	slut	noun
sluts	slut	noun:plural
senator	senator	noun
stake	stake	noun
stake	stake	verb:simple_present+
stakes	stake	verb:simple_present+
staked	stake	verb:simple_past+
staked	stake	verb:past_participle+
staking	stake	verb:present_participle+
stake	stake	verb:simple_present+transitive
stakes	stake	verb:simple_present+transitive
staked	stake	verb:simple_past+transitive
staked	stake	verb:past_participle+transitive
staking	stake	verb:present_participle+transitive
stitch	stitch	noun
stitches	stitch	noun:plural
stitch	stitch	verb:simple_present+transitive
stitchs	stitch	verb:simple_present+transitive
stitched	stitch	verb:simple_past+transitive
stitched	stitch	verb:past_participle+transitive
stitching	stitch	verb:present_participle+transitive
stitching	stitch	verb:present_participle
stitch	stitch	verb:simple_present+intransitive
stitchs	stitch	verb:simple_present+intransitive
stitched	stitch	verb:simple_past+intransitive
stitched	stitch	verb:past_participle+intransitive
stitching	stitch	verb:present_participle+intransitive
sirup	sirup	noun
sysop	sysop	noun
sweaty	sweaty	adjective
sweatshop	sweatshop	noun
seamen	seamen	noun
seaman	seaman	noun
Scuffleball	Scuffleball	noun
sportsman	sportsman	noun
schools	schools	noun
shoelace	shoelace	noun
shoelaces	shoelace	noun:plural
sate	sate	verb:simple_present+
sates	sate	verb:simple_present+
sated	sate	verb:simple_past+
sated	sate	verb:past_participle+
sating	sate	verb:present_participle+
seraphim	seraphim	noun
seder	seder	noun
seders	seder	noun:plural
seder	seder	verb:simple_present+
seders	seder	verb:simple_present+
???	seder	verb:simple_past+
???	seder	verb:past_participle+
???	seder	verb:present_participle+
scare	scare	verb:simple_present+
scares	scare	verb:simple_present+
scared	scare	verb:simple_past+
scared	scare	verb:past_participle+
scaring	scare	verb:present_participle+
scare	scare	noun
scares	scare	noun:plural
sappho	sappho	proper noun
skink	skink	noun
skinks	skink	noun:plural
section	section	noun
sections	section	noun:plural
section	section	verb:simple_present+
sections	section	verb:simple_present+
sectioned	section	verb:simple_past+
sectioned	section	verb:past_participle+
sectioning	section	verb:present_participle+
sectioning	section	verb:present_participle
Scots	Scots	adjective
Scots	Scots	proper noun
smoker	smoker	noun
smokers	smoker	noun:plural
seat	seat	noun
seats	seat	noun:plural
seat	seat	verb:simple_present+transitive
seats	seat	verb:simple_present+transitive
seated	seat	verb:simple_past+transitive
seated	seat	verb:past_participle+transitive
seating	seat	verb:present_participle+transitive
seating	seat	verb:present_participle
smeg	smeg	noun
spake	spake	verb:simple_present+
spakes	spake	verb:simple_present+
spaked	spake	verb:simple_past+
spaked	spake	verb:past_participle+
spaking	spake	verb:present_participle+
speck	speck	noun
sponge	sponge	noun
sponges	sponge	noun:plural
sponge	sponge	verb:simple_present+
sponges	sponge	verb:simple_present+
sponged	sponge	verb:simple_past+
sponged	sponge	verb:past_participle+
sponging	sponge	verb:present_participle+
swish	swish	adjective
swish	swish	noun
swishes	swish	noun:plural
swish	swish	verb:simple_present+
swishs	swish	verb:simple_present+
swished	swish	verb:simple_past+
swished	swish	verb:past_participle+
swishing	swish	verb:present_participle+
septet	septet	noun
septets	septet	noun:plural
snorkel	snorkel	noun
Shakespearean	Shakespearean	adjective
scrap	scrap	noun
scrap	scrap	verb:simple_present+
scraps	scrap	verb:simple_present+
???	scrap	verb:simple_past+
???	scrap	verb:past_participle+
???	scrap	verb:present_participle+
sanitation	sanitation	noun
sanitations	sanitation	noun:plural
subcutaneous	subcutaneous	adjective
selection	selection	noun
serious	serious	adjective
shade	shade	noun
shades	shade	noun:plural
shade	shade	verb:simple_present+transitive
shades	shade	verb:simple_present+transitive
shaded	shade	verb:simple_past+transitive
shaded	shade	verb:past_participle+transitive
shading	shade	verb:present_participle+transitive
shade	shade	verb:simple_present+intransitive
shades	shade	verb:simple_present+intransitive
shaded	shade	verb:simple_past+intransitive
shaded	shade	verb:past_participle+intransitive
shading	shade	verb:present_participle+intransitive
shame	shame	noun
shame	shame	verb:simple_present+
shames	shame	verb:simple_present+
shamed	shame	verb:simple_past+
shamed	shame	verb:past_participle+
shaming	shame	verb:present_participle+
shades	shades	noun
sunglasses	sunglasses	noun
sunnies	sunnies	noun
surprise	surprise	noun
surprise	surprise	verb:simple_present+transitive
surprises	surprise	verb:simple_present+transitive
surprised	surprise	verb:simple_past+transitive
surprised	surprise	verb:past_participle+transitive
surprising	surprise	verb:present_participle+transitive
support	support	noun
supports	support	noun:plural
support	support	verb:simple_present+transitive
supports	support	verb:simple_present+transitive
supported	support	verb:simple_past+transitive
supported	support	verb:past_participle+transitive
supporting	support	verb:present_participle+transitive
supporting	support	verb:present_participle
skullcap	skullcap	noun
store	store	verb:simple_present+transitive
stores	store	verb:simple_present+transitive
stored	store	verb:simple_past+transitive
stored	store	verb:past_participle+transitive
storing	store	verb:present_participle+transitive
store	store	verb:simple_present+intransitive
stores	store	verb:simple_present+intransitive
stored	store	verb:simple_past+intransitive
stored	store	verb:past_participle+intransitive
storing	store	verb:present_participle+intransitive
store	store	noun
seal	seal	noun
seal	seal	verb:simple_present+transitive
seals	seal	verb:simple_present+transitive
sealed	seal	verb:simple_past+transitive
sealed	seal	verb:past_participle+transitive
sealing	seal	verb:present_participle+transitive
sportswoman	sportswoman	noun
stupid	stupid	adjective
shkankh	shkankh	noun
stuponfucious	stuponfucious	adjective
sign	sign	noun
signs	sign	noun:plural
sign	sign	verb:simple_present+transitive
signs	sign	verb:simple_present+transitive
signed	sign	verb:simple_past+transitive
signed	sign	verb:past_participle+transitive
signing	sign	verb:present_participle+transitive
signing	sign	verb:present_participle
sign	sign	verb:simple_present+intransitive
signs	sign	verb:simple_present+intransitive
signed	sign	verb:simple_past+intransitive
signed	sign	verb:past_participle+intransitive
signing	sign	verb:present_participle+intransitive
silk	silk	noun
slope	slope	noun
slopes	slope	noun:plural
slope	slope	verb:simple_present+intransitive
slopes	slope	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sloped	slope	verb:simple_past+intransitive
sloped	slope	verb:past_participle+intransitive
sloping	slope	verb:present_participle+intransitive
slander	slander	noun
slander	slander	verb:simple_present+
slanders	slander	verb:simple_present+
slandered	slander	verb:simple_past+
slandered	slander	verb:past_participle+
slandering	slander	verb:present_participle+
slandering	slander	verb:present_participle
slanderous	slanderous	adjective
spur	spur	noun
spurs	spur	noun:plural
spur	spur	verb:simple_present+
spurs	spur	verb:simple_present+
???	spur	verb:simple_past+
???	spur	verb:past_participle+
???	spur	verb:present_participle+
slot	slot	noun
slot	slot	verb:simple_present+
slots	slot	verb:simple_present+
???	slot	verb:simple_past+
???	slot	verb:past_participle+
???	slot	verb:present_participle+
slot	slot	verb:simple_present+transitive
slots	slot	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	slot	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	slot	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	slot	verb:present_participle+transitive
Shreddies	Shreddies	proper noun
scar	scar	noun
scars	scar	noun:plural
scar	scar	verb:simple_present+
scars	scar	verb:simple_present+
???	scar	verb:simple_past+
???	scar	verb:past_participle+
???	scar	verb:present_participle+
scarring	scar	verb:present_participle
solve	solve	verb:simple_present+
solves	solve	verb:simple_present+
solved	solve	verb:simple_past+
solved	solve	verb:past_participle+
solving	solve	verb:present_participle+
sobriquet	sobriquet	noun
sententious	sententious	adjective
Sony	Sony	proper noun
sorghum	sorghum	noun
scarf	scarf	noun
scarfs	scarf	noun:plural
scarf	scarf	verb:simple_present+
scarfs	scarf	verb:simple_present+
scarfed	scarf	verb:simple_past+
scarfed	scarf	verb:past_participle+
scarfing	scarf	verb:present_participle+
smash	smash	verb:simple_present+transitive
smashs	smash	verb:simple_present+transitive
smashed	smash	verb:simple_past+transitive
smashed	smash	verb:past_participle+transitive
smashing	smash	verb:present_participle+transitive
smashing	smash	verb:present_participle
smash	smash	verb:simple_present+intransitive
smashs	smash	verb:simple_present+intransitive
smashed	smash	verb:simple_past+intransitive
smashed	smash	verb:past_participle+intransitive
smashing	smash	verb:present_participle+intransitive
smash	smash	noun
smashes	smash	noun:plural
smashed	smashed	adjective
soap	soap	noun
soaps	soap	noun:plural
soap	soap	verb:simple_present+transitive
soaps	soap	verb:simple_present+transitive
soaped	soap	verb:simple_past+transitive
soaped	soap	verb:past_participle+transitive
soaping	soap	verb:present_participle+transitive
sickness	sickness	noun
society	society	noun
societies	society	noun:plural
soft	soft	adjective
skydive	skydive	verb:simple_present+intransitive
skydives	skydive	verb:simple_present+intransitive
skydived	skydive	verb:simple_past+intransitive
skydived	skydive	verb:past_participle+intransitive
skydiving	skydive	verb:present_participle+intransitive
solum	solum	noun
stamp	stamp	verb:simple_present+intransitive
stamps	stamp	verb:simple_present+intransitive
stamped	stamp	verb:simple_past+intransitive
stamped	stamp	verb:past_participle+intransitive
stamping	stamp	verb:present_participle+intransitive
stamp	stamp	verb:simple_present+transitive
stamps	stamp	verb:simple_present+transitive
stamped	stamp	verb:simple_past+transitive
stamped	stamp	verb:past_participle+transitive
stamping	stamp	verb:present_participle+transitive
stamp	stamp	noun
stamps	stamp	noun:plural
station	station	noun
station	station	verb:simple_present+transitive
stations	station	verb:simple_present+transitive
stationed	station	verb:simple_past+transitive
stationed	station	verb:past_participle+transitive
stationing	station	verb:present_participle+transitive
supreme	supreme	adjective
supremacy	supremacy	noun
sardonic	sardonic	adjective
sticky	sticky	adjective
stickshift	stickshift	noun
sextary	sextary	noun
sextaries	sextary	noun:plural
seedlep	seedlep	noun
strake	strake	noun
strakes	strake	noun:plural
scab	scab	noun
scabs	scab	noun:plural
standel	standel	noun
standels	standel	noun:plural
storer	storer	noun
storers	storer	noun:plural
screenshot	screenshot	noun
screenshots	screenshot	noun:plural
shite	shite	noun
shites	shite	noun:plural
significant	significant	adjective
stocking	stocking	verb:simple_present+
stockings	stocking	verb:simple_present+
stockinged	stocking	verb:simple_past+
stockinged	stocking	verb:past_participle+
stockinging	stocking	verb:present_participle+
stocking	stocking	noun
smokestack	smokestack	noun
strand	strand	noun
strands	strand	noun:plural
strand	strand	verb:simple_present+transitive
strands	strand	verb:simple_present+transitive
stranded	strand	verb:simple_past+transitive
stranded	strand	verb:past_participle+transitive
stranding	strand	verb:present_participle+transitive
stranding	strand	verb:present_participle
strife	strife	noun
sparkling	sparkling	verb:simple_present+
sparklings	sparkling	verb:simple_present+
sparklinged	sparkling	verb:simple_past+
sparklinged	sparkling	verb:past_participle+
sparklinging	sparkling	verb:present_participle+
sparkling	sparkling	adjective
sandcastle	sandcastle	noun
sandcastles	sandcastle	noun:plural
straw	straw	noun
straws	straw	noun:plural
straw	straw	adjective
stripe	stripe	noun
stripes	stripe	noun:plural
stripe	stripe	verb:simple_present+transitive
stripes	stripe	verb:simple_present+transitive
striped	stripe	verb:simple_past+transitive
striped	stripe	verb:past_participle+transitive
striping	stripe	verb:present_participle+transitive
stretch	stretch	verb:simple_present+transitive
stretchs	stretch	verb:simple_present+transitive
stretched	stretch	verb:simple_past+transitive
stretched	stretch	verb:past_participle+transitive
stretching	stretch	verb:present_participle+transitive
stretching	stretch	verb:present_participle
stretch	stretch	noun
stretches	stretch	noun:plural
sandarac	sandarac	noun
sexism	sexism	noun
style	style	noun
styles	style	noun:plural
style	style	verb:simple_present+
styles	style	verb:simple_present+
styled	style	verb:simple_past+
styled	style	verb:past_participle+
styling	style	verb:present_participle+
sit-up	sit-up	noun
stepcousin	stepcousin	noun
spay	spay	verb:simple_present+transitive
spays	spay	verb:simple_present+transitive
spayed	spay	verb:simple_past+transitive
spayed	spay	verb:past_participle+transitive
spaying	spay	verb:present_participle+transitive
spaying	spay	verb:present_participle
suhag	suhag	noun
synonymy	synonymy	noun
salet	salet	noun
salets	salet	noun:plural
sallet	sallet	noun
sallets	sallet	noun:plural
structure	structure	noun
structures	structure	noun:plural
structure	structure	verb:simple_present+transitive
structures	structure	verb:simple_present+transitive
structured	structure	verb:simple_past+transitive
structured	structure	verb:past_participle+transitive
structuring	structure	verb:present_participle+transitive
saale	saale	noun
shahzadah	shahzadah	noun
shimada	shimada	noun
schubertiade	schubertiade	noun
serir	serir	noun
such	such	adjective
shield	shield	noun
shields	shield	noun:plural
shield	shield	verb:simple_present+
shields	shield	verb:simple_present+
shielded	shield	verb:simple_past+
shielded	shield	verb:past_participle+
shielding	shield	verb:present_participle+
shielding	shield	verb:present_participle
sabretache	sabretache	noun
shaffron	shaffron	noun
shaffrons	shaffron	noun:plural
sheaf	sheaf	noun
sheaves	sheaf	noun:plural
sheaf	sheaf	verb:simple_present+
sheafs	sheaf	verb:simple_present+
sheafed	sheaf	verb:simple_past+
sheafed	sheaf	verb:past_participle+
sheafing	sheaf	verb:present_participle+
sheaf	sheaf	verb:simple_present+transitive
sheafs	sheaf	verb:simple_present+transitive
sheafed	sheaf	verb:simple_past+transitive
sheafed	sheaf	verb:past_participle+transitive
sheafing	sheaf	verb:present_participle+transitive
sheaf	sheaf	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sheafs	sheaf	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sheafed	sheaf	verb:simple_past+intransitive
sheafed	sheaf	verb:past_participle+intransitive
sheafing	sheaf	verb:present_participle+intransitive
spada	spada	noun
sudden	sudden	adjective
suddenly	suddenly	adverbe
scatback	scatback	noun
studio	studio	noun
shewn	shewn	verb:simple_present+
shewns	shewn	verb:simple_present+
shewned	shewn	verb:simple_past+
shewned	shewn	verb:past_participle+
shewning	shewn	verb:present_participle+
suggestion	suggestion	noun
suggestions	suggestion	noun:plural
suggest	suggest	verb:simple_present+transitive
suggests	suggest	verb:simple_present+transitive
suggested	suggest	verb:simple_past+transitive
suggested	suggest	verb:past_participle+transitive
suggesting	suggest	verb:present_participle+transitive
suggesting	suggest	verb:present_participle
serendipity	serendipity	noun
supertribe	supertribe	noun
sorbian	sorbian	noun
stereo	stereo	noun
stereos	stereo	noun:plural
stereo	stereo	adjective
schmuck	schmuck	noun
stress	stress	noun
stresses	stress	noun:plural
stress	stress	verb:simple_present+transitive
stresss	stress	verb:simple_present+transitive
stressed	stress	verb:simple_past+transitive
stressed	stress	verb:past_participle+transitive
stressing	stress	verb:present_participle+transitive
stressing	stress	verb:present_participle
stress	stress	adjective
spark	spark	noun
sparks	spark	noun:plural
spark	spark	verb:simple_present+transitive
sparks	spark	verb:simple_present+transitive
sparked	spark	verb:simple_past+transitive
sparked	spark	verb:past_participle+transitive
sparking	spark	verb:present_participle+transitive
sparking	spark	verb:present_participle
spark	spark	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sparks	spark	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sparked	spark	verb:simple_past+intransitive
sparked	spark	verb:past_participle+intransitive
sparking	spark	verb:present_participle+intransitive
spic	spic	noun
spics	spic	noun:plural
statuesque	statuesque	adjective
statue	statue	noun
statuelike	statuelike	adjective
sucrose	sucrose	noun
skister	skister	noun
skisters	skister	noun:plural
shisha	shisha	noun
sheather	sheather	noun
sacker	sacker	noun
slutty	slutty	adjective
swash-buckler	swash-buckler	noun
sword-breaker	sword-breaker	noun
sword-breakers	sword-breaker	noun:plural
stapler	stapler	noun
staplers	stapler	noun:plural
saltamontes	saltamontes	noun
spence	spence	proper noun
storey	storey	noun
storeys	storey	noun:plural
smelly	smelly	adjective
smelly	smelly	noun
smellies	smelly	noun:plural
sleaze	sleaze	noun
slashvertisement	slashvertisement	noun
svelte	svelte	adjective
schlepper	schlepper	noun
statist	statist	noun
statist	statist	adjective
statism	statism	noun
sharpen	sharpen	verb:simple_present+transitive
sharpens	sharpen	verb:simple_present+transitive
sharpened	sharpen	verb:simple_past+transitive
sharpened	sharpen	verb:past_participle+transitive
sharpening	sharpen	verb:present_participle+transitive
sharpening	sharpen	verb:present_participle
sharpener	sharpener	noun
suzerainty	suzerainty	noun
spraint	spraint	noun
specious	specious	adjective
simulation	simulation	noun
stoned	stoned	verb:simple_present+
stoneds	stoned	verb:simple_present+
???	stoned	verb:simple_past+
???	stoned	verb:past_participle+
???	stoned	verb:present_participle+
stoned	stoned	adjective
stepnephew	stepnephew	noun
salient	salient	adjective
salient	salient	noun
serf	serf	noun
stochasticity	stochasticity	noun
spy	spy	noun
spy	spy	verb:simple_present+intransitive
spies	spy	verb:simple_present+intransitive
spied	spy	verb:simple_past+intransitive
spied	spy	verb:past_participle+intransitive
spying	spy	verb:present_participle+intransitive
spy	spy	verb:simple_present+transitive
spies	spy	verb:simple_present+transitive
spied	spy	verb:simple_past+transitive
spied	spy	verb:past_participle+transitive
spying	spy	verb:present_participle+transitive
spying	spy	verb:present_participle
slender	slender	adjective
solution	solution	noun
sure	sure	adjective
shortcoming	shortcoming	noun
subsidiary	subsidiary	adjective
subsidiary	subsidiary	noun
strewth	strewth	interjection
speedball	speedball	noun
stemming	stemming	noun
superior	superior	adjective
sight	sight	noun
sights	sight	noun:plural
sight	sight	verb:simple_present+
sights	sight	verb:simple_present+
sighted	sight	verb:simple_past+
sighted	sight	verb:past_participle+
sighting	sight	verb:present_participle+
sighting	sight	verb:present_participle
swift	swift	adjective
swift	swift	proper noun
swift	swift	proper noun
swift	swift	noun
spine	spine	noun
spines	spine	noun:plural
squiggler	squiggler	noun
surrogate	surrogate	noun
surrogates	surrogate	noun:plural
surrogate	surrogate	adjective
surrogate	surrogate	verb:simple_present+transitive
surrogates	surrogate	verb:simple_present+transitive
surrogated	surrogate	verb:simple_past+transitive
surrogated	surrogate	verb:past_participle+transitive
surrogating	surrogate	verb:present_participle+transitive
subrogate	subrogate	verb:simple_present+transitive
subrogates	subrogate	verb:simple_present+transitive
subrogated	subrogate	verb:simple_past+transitive
subrogated	subrogate	verb:past_participle+transitive
subrogating	subrogate	verb:present_participle+transitive
spesh	spesh	adjective
sport	sport	noun
sport	sport	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sports	sport	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sported	sport	verb:simple_past+intransitive
sported	sport	verb:past_participle+intransitive
sporting	sport	verb:present_participle+intransitive
sport	sport	verb:simple_present+transitive
sports	sport	verb:simple_present+transitive
sported	sport	verb:simple_past+transitive
sported	sport	verb:past_participle+transitive
sporting	sport	verb:present_participle+transitive
sporting	sport	verb:present_participle
sport	sport	adjective
spyware	spyware	noun
shag	shag	noun
shag	shag	verb:simple_present+transitive
shags	shag	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	shag	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	shag	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	shag	verb:present_participle+transitive
shagging	shag	verb:present_participle
spiffing	spiffing	adjective
smacznego	smacznego	interjection
scorn	scorn	verb:simple_present+
scorns	scorn	verb:simple_present+
scorned	scorn	verb:simple_past+
scorned	scorn	verb:past_participle+
scorning	scorn	verb:present_participle+
scorning	scorn	verb:present_participle
scorn	scorn	noun
scornful	scornful	adjective
semen	semen	noun
shoplift	shoplift	verb:simple_present+transitive
shoplifts	shoplift	verb:simple_present+transitive
shoplifted	shoplift	verb:simple_past+transitive
shoplifted	shoplift	verb:past_participle+transitive
shoplifting	shoplift	verb:present_participle+transitive
shoplift	shoplift	verb:simple_present+intransitive
shoplifts	shoplift	verb:simple_present+intransitive
shoplifted	shoplift	verb:simple_past+intransitive
shoplifted	shoplift	verb:past_participle+intransitive
shoplifting	shoplift	verb:present_participle+intransitive
seppuku	seppuku	noun
shashwat	shashwat	noun
shashwat	shashwat	proper noun
Sindarin	Sindarin	proper noun
spiritual	spiritual	adjective
stiffy	stiffy	noun
stiffies	stiffy	noun:plural
slinky	slinky	adjective
slinky	slinky	proper noun
SUSY	SUSY	noun
sax	sax	noun
saxes	sax	noun:plural
SVO	SVO	adjective
superman	superman	proper noun
superman	superman	noun
sov	sov	noun
sovs	sov	noun:plural
Scot	Scot	proper noun
Scots	Scot	proper noun:plural
Scot	Scot	noun
sally	sally	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sallies	sally	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sallied	sally	verb:simple_past+intransitive
sallied	sally	verb:past_participle+intransitive
sallying	sally	verb:present_participle+intransitive
seasonal	seasonal	adjective
suss	suss	adjective
satisfy	satisfy	verb:simple_present+
satisfies	satisfy	verb:simple_present+
satisfied	satisfy	verb:simple_past+
satisfied	satisfy	verb:past_participle+
satisfying	satisfy	verb:present_participle+
satisfying	satisfy	verb:present_participle
snobby	snobby	adjective
songy	songy	adjective
sybaritic	sybaritic	adjective
spaug	spaug	noun
spoofing	spoofing	verbal noun
stunod	stunod	noun
stunod	stunod	adjective
spud	spud	noun
spuds	spud	noun:plural
shower	shower	noun
showers	shower	noun:plural
shower	shower	verb:simple_present+
showers	shower	verb:simple_present+
???	shower	verb:simple_past+
???	shower	verb:past_participle+
???	shower	verb:present_participle+
scouser	scouser	proper noun
scouse	scouse	adjective
sandy	sandy	adjective
surat	surat	noun
syracusan	syracusan	adjective
syracusan	syracusan	noun
starve	starve	verb:simple_present+intransitive
starves	starve	verb:simple_present+intransitive
starved	starve	verb:simple_past+intransitive
starved	starve	verb:past_participle+intransitive
starving	starve	verb:present_participle+intransitive
starve	starve	verb:simple_present+transitive
starves	starve	verb:simple_present+transitive
starved	starve	verb:simple_past+transitive
starved	starve	verb:past_participle+transitive
starving	starve	verb:present_participle+transitive
sapunica	sapunica	noun
starfish	starfish	noun
sabra	sabra	noun
sachem	sachem	noun
sadist	sadist	noun
sage	sage	noun
sage	sage	adjective
sago	sago	noun
saker	saker	noun
salina	salina	noun
salvor	salvor	noun
samba	samba	noun
sambar	sambar	noun
sapper	sapper	noun
saran	saran	noun
sault	sault	noun
scat	scat	noun
scat	scat	verb:simple_present+
scats	scat	verb:simple_present+
???	scat	verb:simple_past+
???	scat	verb:past_participle+
???	scat	verb:present_participle+
scaup	scaup	noun
schema	schema	noun
schist	schist	noun
scoria	scoria	noun
scoter	scoter	noun
scrim	scrim	noun
scutum	scutum	noun
secant	secant	noun
secants	secant	noun:plural
seidel	seidel	noun
sen	sen	noun
sepal	sepal	noun
sepoy	sepoy	noun
septic	septic	adjective
serine	serine	noun
serum	serum	adjective
serum	serum	noun
serums	serum	noun:plural
servo	servo	noun
shad	shad	noun
shalom	shalom	noun
shaw	shaw	noun
shay	shay	noun
sheave	sheave	noun
shill	shill	verb:simple_present+
shills	shill	verb:simple_present+
shilled	shill	verb:simple_past+
shilled	shill	verb:past_participle+
shilling	shill	verb:present_participle+
shill	shill	noun
shim	shim	noun
shiv	shiv	noun
shoji	shoji	noun
shunt	shunt	verb:simple_present+
shunts	shunt	verb:simple_present+
shunted	shunt	verb:simple_past+
shunted	shunt	verb:past_participle+
shunting	shunt	verb:present_participle+
sial	sial	noun
sib	sib	noun
sibyl	sibyl	noun
sifter	sifter	noun
silage	silage	noun
silane	silane	noun
silt	silt	noun
sima	sima	noun
simar	simar	noun
sinter	sinter	noun
sire	sire	noun
sire	sire	verb:simple_present+
sires	sire	verb:simple_present+
sired	sire	verb:simple_past+
sired	sire	verb:past_participle+
siring	sire	verb:present_participle+
sisal	sisal	noun
siskin	siskin	noun
siskins	siskin	noun:plural
situs	situs	noun
skeet	skeet	noun
skeet	skeet	verb:simple_present+
skeets	skeet	verb:simple_present+
skeeted	skeet	verb:simple_past+
skeeted	skeet	verb:past_participle+
skeeting	skeet	verb:present_participle+
skiddy	skiddy	adjective
skyed	skyed	adjective
skyway	skyway	noun
slat	slat	noun
slewed	slewed	adjective
sloe	sloe	noun
slurry	slurry	noun
slurry	slurry	adjective
sloven	sloven	noun
snell	snell	noun
snick	snick	verb:simple_present+
snicks	snick	verb:simple_present+
snicked	snick	verb:simple_past+
snicked	snick	verb:past_participle+
snicking	snick	verb:present_participle+
snider	snider	adjective
sod	sod	noun
sod	sod	verb:simple_present+transitive
sods	sod	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	sod	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	sod	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	sod	verb:present_participle+transitive
sod	sod	interjection
sofar	sofar	noun
soffit	soffit	noun
soiree	soiree	noun
solute	solute	adjective
soma	soma	noun
sonant	sonant	adjective
sop	sop	verb:simple_present+
sops	sop	verb:simple_present+
???	sop	verb:simple_past+
???	sop	verb:past_participle+
???	sop	verb:present_participle+
sora	sora	noun
sorb	sorb	noun
sou	sou	noun
sough	sough	verb:simple_present+
soughs	sough	verb:simple_present+
soughed	sough	verb:simple_past+
soughed	sough	verb:past_participle+
soughing	sough	verb:present_participle+
souled	souled	adjective
soy	soy	noun
spader	spader	noun
spar	spar	noun
sparge	sparge	verb:simple_present+
sparges	sparge	verb:simple_present+
sparged	sparge	verb:simple_past+
sparged	sparge	verb:past_participle+
sparging	sparge	verb:present_participle+
spavin	spavin	noun
spica	spica	noun
spigot	spigot	noun
spitz	spitz	noun
spline	spline	noun
splines	spline	noun:plural
sprue	sprue	noun
squill	squill	noun
staph	staph	noun
stasis	stasis	noun
stater	stater	noun
stator	stator	noun
steeve	steeve	verb:simple_present+
steeves	steeve	verb:simple_present+
steeved	steeve	verb:simple_past+
steeved	steeve	verb:past_participle+
steeving	steeve	verb:present_participle+
stoled	stoled	adjective
stooge	stooge	noun
stover	stover	noun
strop	strop	noun
strop	strop	verb:simple_present+
strops	strop	verb:simple_present+
???	strop	verb:simple_past+
???	strop	verb:past_participle+
???	strop	verb:present_participle+
stymie	stymie	verb:simple_present+
stymies	stymie	verb:simple_present+
stymied	stymie	verb:simple_past+
stymied	stymie	verb:past_participle+
stymying	stymie	verb:present_participle+
sulfa	sulfa	adjective
sumac	sumac	noun
surtax	surtax	noun
swabby	swabby	noun
swag	swag	noun
swage	swage	noun
swage	swage	verb:simple_present+transitive
swages	swage	verb:simple_present+transitive
swaged	swage	verb:simple_past+transitive
swaged	swage	verb:past_participle+transitive
swaging	swage	verb:present_participle+transitive
swami	swami	noun
swank	swank	verb:simple_present+
swanks	swank	verb:simple_present+
swanked	swank	verb:simple_past+
swanked	swank	verb:past_participle+
swanking	swank	verb:present_participle+
swatch	swatch	noun
synod	synod	noun
spume	spume	verb:simple_present+
spumes	spume	verb:simple_present+
spumed	spume	verb:simple_past+
spumed	spume	verb:past_participle+
spuming	spume	verb:present_participle+
strait	strait	noun
strait	strait	adjective
servile	servile	adjective
servility	servility	noun
struggle	struggle	noun
struggle	struggle	verb:simple_present+
struggles	struggle	verb:simple_present+
struggled	struggle	verb:simple_past+
struggled	struggle	verb:past_participle+
struggling	struggle	verb:present_participle+
superiority	superiority	noun
strength	strength	noun
strengths	strength	noun:plural
sideways	sideways	adverbe
surrender	surrender	noun
surrender	surrender	verb:simple_present+
surrenders	surrender	verb:simple_present+
???	surrender	verb:simple_past+
???	surrender	verb:past_participle+
surrendering	surrender	verb:present_participle+
sacrosanct	sacrosanct	adjective
sag	sag	noun
sag	sag	verb:simple_present+
sags	sag	verb:simple_present+
???	sag	verb:simple_past+
???	sag	verb:past_participle+
???	sag	verb:present_participle+
sailor	sailor	noun
saliva	saliva	noun
sane	sane	adjective
sanguine	sanguine	noun
sanguine	sanguine	verb:simple_present+
sanguines	sanguine	verb:simple_present+
sanguined	sanguine	verb:simple_past+
sanguined	sanguine	verb:past_participle+
sanguining	sanguine	verb:present_participle+
sanguine	sanguine	adjective
sapling	sapling	noun
sarcasm	sarcasm	noun
sard	sard	noun
saturate	saturate	verb:simple_present+
saturates	saturate	verb:simple_present+
saturated	saturate	verb:simple_past+
saturated	saturate	verb:past_participle+
saturating	saturate	verb:present_participle+
scabby	scabby	adjective
scaly	scaly	adjective
scan	scan	verb:simple_present+
scans	scan	verb:simple_present+
???	scan	verb:simple_past+
???	scan	verb:past_participle+
???	scan	verb:present_participle+
scape	scape	noun
scene	scene	noun
scene	scene	verb:simple_present+
scenes	scene	verb:simple_present+
scened	scene	verb:simple_past+
scened	scene	verb:past_participle+
scening	scene	verb:present_participle+
scoff	scoff	noun
scoff	scoff	verb:simple_present+
scoffs	scoff	verb:simple_present+
scoffed	scoff	verb:simple_past+
scoffed	scoff	verb:past_participle+
scoffing	scoff	verb:present_participle+
scoot	scoot	verb:simple_present+
scoots	scoot	verb:simple_present+
scooted	scoot	verb:simple_past+
scooted	scoot	verb:past_participle+
scooting	scoot	verb:present_participle+
scoot	scoot	noun
scout	scout	noun
scout	scout	verb:simple_present+
scouts	scout	verb:simple_present+
scouted	scout	verb:simple_past+
scouted	scout	verb:past_participle+
scouting	scout	verb:present_participle+
scow	scow	noun
scow	scow	verb:simple_present+
scows	scow	verb:simple_present+
???	scow	verb:simple_past+
???	scow	verb:past_participle+
???	scow	verb:present_participle+
scowl	scowl	noun
scowl	scowl	verb:simple_present+
scowls	scowl	verb:simple_present+
scowled	scowl	verb:simple_past+
scowled	scowl	verb:past_participle+
scowling	scowl	verb:present_participle+
scraggy	scraggy	adjective
scraper	scraper	noun
scrappy	scrappy	adjective
scratchy	scratchy	adjective
scribble	scribble	verb:simple_present+
scribbles	scribble	verb:simple_present+
scribbled	scribble	verb:simple_past+
scribbled	scribble	verb:past_participle+
scribbling	scribble	verb:present_participle+
scribe	scribe	noun
scrimp	scrimp	noun
scrimp	scrimp	verb:simple_present+
scrimps	scrimp	verb:simple_present+
scrimped	scrimp	verb:simple_past+
scrimped	scrimp	verb:past_participle+
scrimping	scrimp	verb:present_participle+
scrimp	scrimp	adjective
scylla	scylla	noun
scythe	scythe	noun
scythe	scythe	verb:simple_present+
scythes	scythe	verb:simple_present+
scythed	scythe	verb:simple_past+
scythed	scythe	verb:past_participle+
scything	scythe	verb:present_participle+
secondary	secondary	adjective
secondly	secondly	adverbe
sedge	sedge	noun
sedulous	sedulous	adjective
segregate	segregate	adjective
segregate	segregate	verb:simple_present+transitive
segregates	segregate	verb:simple_present+transitive
segregated	segregate	verb:simple_past+transitive
segregated	segregate	verb:past_participle+transitive
segregating	segregate	verb:present_participle+transitive
segregation	segregation	noun
selflessness	selflessness	noun
self-reliant	self-reliant	adjective
septette	septette	noun
sequential	sequential	adjective
serve	serve	noun
serves	serve	noun:plural
serve	serve	verb:simple_present+
serves	serve	verb:simple_present+
served	serve	verb:simple_past+
served	serve	verb:past_participle+
serving	serve	verb:present_participle+
server	server	noun
serviette	serviette	noun
setback	setback	noun
sett	sett	noun
setts	sett	noun:plural
settee	settee	noun
several	several	noun
several	several	adjective
several	several	adverbe
shabby	shabby	noun
shack	shack	noun
shack	shack	verb:simple_present+
shacks	shack	verb:simple_present+
shacked	shack	verb:simple_past+
shacked	shack	verb:past_participle+
shacking	shack	verb:present_participle+
shaker	shaker	noun
shaky	shaky	adjective
shaver	shaver	noun
sheen	sheen	noun
sheen	sheen	verb:simple_present+
sheens	sheen	verb:simple_present+
sheened	sheen	verb:simple_past+
sheened	sheen	verb:past_participle+
sheening	sheen	verb:present_participle+
sheer	sheer	verb:simple_present+
sheers	sheer	verb:simple_present+
sheered	sheer	verb:simple_past+
sheered	sheer	verb:past_participle+
sheering	sheer	verb:present_participle+
sheer	sheer	adverbe
shibboleth	shibboleth	noun
shorthand	shorthand	noun
shopkeeper	shopkeeper	noun
shout	shout	noun
shout	shout	verb:simple_present+
shouts	shout	verb:simple_present+
shouted	shout	verb:simple_past+
shouted	shout	verb:past_participle+
shouting	shout	verb:present_participle+
shouting	shout	verb:present_participle
shortly	shortly	adverbe
shred	shred	verb:simple_present+
shreds	shred	verb:simple_present+
???	shred	verb:simple_past+
???	shred	verb:past_participle+
???	shred	verb:present_participle+
shred	shred	noun
shrive	shrive	verb:simple_present+
shrives	shrive	verb:simple_present+
shrived	shrive	verb:simple_past+
shrived	shrive	verb:past_participle+
shriving	shrive	verb:present_participle+
shroud	shroud	noun
shy	shy	adjective
shy	shy	verb:simple_present+intransitive
shies	shy	verb:simple_present+intransitive
shied	shy	verb:simple_past+intransitive
shied	shy	verb:past_participle+intransitive
shying	shy	verb:present_participle+intransitive
shy	shy	noun
sigh	sigh	verb:simple_present+
sighs	sigh	verb:simple_present+
sighed	sigh	verb:simple_past+
sighed	sigh	verb:past_participle+
sighing	sigh	verb:present_participle+
sighing	sigh	verb:present_participle
silhouette	silhouette	noun
silhouette	silhouette	verb:simple_present+
silhouettes	silhouette	verb:simple_present+
silhouetted	silhouette	verb:simple_past+
silhouetted	silhouette	verb:past_participle+
silhouetting	silhouette	verb:present_participle+
simply	simply	adverbe
sisyphean	sisyphean	adjective
site	site	noun
sites	site	noun:plural
skate	skate	noun
skate	skate	verb:simple_present+
skates	skate	verb:simple_present+
skated	skate	verb:simple_past+
skated	skate	verb:past_participle+
skating	skate	verb:present_participle+
skate	skate	noun
skate	skate	noun
skimp	skimp	verb:simple_present+
skimps	skimp	verb:simple_present+
skimped	skimp	verb:simple_past+
skimped	skimp	verb:past_participle+
skimping	skimp	verb:present_participle+
skimp	skimp	adjective
skive	skive	noun
skive	skive	verb:simple_present+
skives	skive	verb:simple_present+
skived	skive	verb:simple_past+
skived	skive	verb:past_participle+
skiving	skive	verb:present_participle+
skive	skive	verb:simple_present+
skives	skive	verb:simple_present+
skived	skive	verb:simple_past+
skived	skive	verb:past_participle+
skiving	skive	verb:present_participle+
slack	slack	noun
slack	slack	adjective
slack	slack	adverbe
slack	slack	verb:simple_present+
slacks	slack	verb:simple_present+
slacked	slack	verb:simple_past+
slacked	slack	verb:past_participle+
slacking	slack	verb:present_participle+
slag	slag	noun
slag	slag	verb:simple_present+transitive
slags	slag	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	slag	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	slag	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	slag	verb:present_participle+transitive
slake	slake	verb:simple_present+
slakes	slake	verb:simple_present+
slaked	slake	verb:simple_past+
slaked	slake	verb:past_participle+
slaking	slake	verb:present_participle+
slake	slake	adjective
slam	slam	noun
slams	slam	noun:plural
slam	slam	verb:simple_present+transitive
slams	slam	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	slam	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	slam	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	slam	verb:present_participle+transitive
slamming	slam	verb:present_participle
slam	slam	verb:simple_present+intransitive
slams	slam	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	slam	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	slam	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	slam	verb:present_participle+intransitive
slap	slap	noun
slap	slap	verb:simple_present+
slaps	slap	verb:simple_present+
???	slap	verb:simple_past+
???	slap	verb:past_participle+
???	slap	verb:present_participle+
slapper	slapper	noun
slapper	slapper	adjective
slater	slater	noun
slayer	slayer	noun
sled	sled	noun
sleek	sleek	noun
sleek	sleek	adjective
sleek	sleek	adverbe
sleigh	sleigh	noun
sleigh	sleigh	adjective
sleight	sleight	noun
slice	slice	verb:simple_present+
slices	slice	verb:simple_present+
sliced	slice	verb:simple_past+
sliced	slice	verb:past_participle+
slicing	slice	verb:present_participle+
slight	slight	noun
slight	slight	verb:simple_present+
slights	slight	verb:simple_present+
slighted	slight	verb:simple_past+
slighted	slight	verb:past_participle+
slighting	slight	verb:present_participle+
slight	slight	adjective
slime	slime	noun
sliver	sliver	noun
sliver	sliver	verb:simple_present+
slivers	sliver	verb:simple_present+
???	sliver	verb:simple_past+
???	sliver	verb:past_participle+
???	sliver	verb:present_participle+
slouch	slouch	noun
slouch	slouch	verb:simple_present+intransitive
slouchs	slouch	verb:simple_present+intransitive
slouched	slouch	verb:simple_past+intransitive
slouched	slouch	verb:past_participle+intransitive
slouching	slouch	verb:present_participle+intransitive
sly	sly	verb:simple_present+
slies	sly	verb:simple_present+
slied	sly	verb:simple_past+
slied	sly	verb:past_participle+
slying	sly	verb:present_participle+
sly	sly	adjective
sly	sly	adverbe
smack	smack	noun
smack	smack	verb:simple_present+
smacks	smack	verb:simple_present+
smacked	smack	verb:simple_past+
smacked	smack	verb:past_participle+
smacking	smack	verb:present_participle+
smack	smack	adverbe
snag	snag	noun
snap	snap	noun
snaps	snap	noun:plural
snap	snap	verb:simple_present+
snaps	snap	verb:simple_present+
???	snap	verb:simple_past+
???	snap	verb:past_participle+
???	snap	verb:present_participle+
snap	snap	verb:simple_present+intransitive
snaps	snap	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	snap	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	snap	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	snap	verb:present_participle+intransitive
snap	snap	verb:simple_present+transitive
snaps	snap	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	snap	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	snap	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	snap	verb:present_participle+transitive
snapping	snap	verb:present_participle
snap	snap	interjection
snarl	snarl	noun
snarl	snarl	verb:simple_present+
snarls	snarl	verb:simple_present+
snarled	snarl	verb:simple_past+
snarled	snarl	verb:past_participle+
snarling	snarl	verb:present_participle+
snarling	snarl	verb:present_participle
sneak	sneak	noun
sneaks	sneak	noun:plural
sneak	sneak	verb:simple_present+
sneaks	sneak	verb:simple_present+
sneaked	sneak	verb:simple_past+
sneaked	sneak	verb:past_participle+
sneaking	sneak	verb:present_participle+
sneaking	sneak	verb:present_participle
snide	snide	adjective
snipe	snipe	noun
snipes	snipe	noun:plural
snipe	snipe	verb:simple_present+
snipes	snipe	verb:simple_present+
sniped	snipe	verb:simple_past+
sniped	snipe	verb:past_participle+
sniping	snipe	verb:present_participle+
snout	snout	noun
snout	snout	verb:simple_present+
snouts	snout	verb:simple_present+
snouted	snout	verb:simple_past+
snouted	snout	verb:past_participle+
snouting	snout	verb:present_participle+
so-called	so-called	adjective
solitary	solitary	noun
solitary	solitary	adjective
sophist	sophist	noun
soubrette	soubrette	noun
souse	souse	noun
span	span	noun
spans	span	noun:plural
span	span	verb:simple_present+
spans	span	verb:simple_present+
???	span	verb:simple_past+
???	span	verb:past_participle+
???	span	verb:present_participle+
spandrel	spandrel	noun
spare	spare	noun
spare	spare	verb:simple_present+
spares	spare	verb:simple_present+
spared	spare	verb:simple_past+
spared	spare	verb:past_participle+
sparing	spare	verb:present_participle+
spare	spare	adjective
sparkle	sparkle	noun
spate	spate	noun
spatial	spatial	adjective
spectacle	spectacle	noun
spike	spike	noun
spikes	spike	noun:plural
spire	spire	noun
spires	spire	noun:plural
spire	spire	verb:simple_present+intransitive
spires	spire	verb:simple_present+intransitive
spired	spire	verb:simple_past+intransitive
spired	spire	verb:past_participle+intransitive
spiring	spire	verb:present_participle+intransitive
splay	splay	verb:simple_present+
splays	splay	verb:simple_present+
splayed	splay	verb:simple_past+
splayed	splay	verb:past_participle+
splaying	splay	verb:present_participle+
splay	splay	adjective
splendid	splendid	adjective
splice	splice	noun
splice	splice	verb:simple_present+
splices	splice	verb:simple_present+
spliced	splice	verb:simple_past+
spliced	splice	verb:past_participle+
splicing	splice	verb:present_participle+
splitter	splitter	noun
sprain	sprain	noun
sprain	sprain	verb:simple_present+
sprains	sprain	verb:simple_present+
sprained	sprain	verb:simple_past+
sprained	sprain	verb:past_participle+
spraining	sprain	verb:present_participle+
spray	spray	noun
spray	spray	verb:simple_present+
sprays	spray	verb:simple_present+
sprayed	spray	verb:simple_past+
sprayed	spray	verb:past_participle+
spraying	spray	verb:present_participle+
spree	spree	noun
sprig	sprig	noun
sprite	sprite	noun
spry	spry	adjective
spurt	spurt	verb:simple_present+
spurts	spurt	verb:simple_present+
spurted	spurt	verb:simple_past+
spurted	spurt	verb:past_participle+
spurting	spurt	verb:present_participle+
squaw	squaw	noun
squire	squire	noun
squirt	squirt	noun
squirt	squirt	verb:simple_present+
squirts	squirt	verb:simple_present+
squirted	squirt	verb:simple_past+
squirted	squirt	verb:past_participle+
squirting	squirt	verb:present_participle+
stack	stack	noun
stack	stack	verb:simple_present+
stacks	stack	verb:simple_present+
stacked	stack	verb:simple_past+
stacked	stack	verb:past_participle+
stacking	stack	verb:present_participle+
stacking	stack	verb:present_participle
stadium	stadium	noun
stag	stag	noun
stag	stag	verb:simple_present+
stags	stag	verb:simple_present+
???	stag	verb:simple_past+
???	stag	verb:past_participle+
???	stag	verb:present_participle+
stager	stager	noun
stagger	stagger	noun
stagger	stagger	verb:simple_present+
staggers	stagger	verb:simple_present+
???	stagger	verb:simple_past+
???	stagger	verb:past_participle+
???	stagger	verb:present_participle+
staid	staid	adjective
stang	stang	noun
stang	stang	verb:simple_present+
stangs	stang	verb:simple_present+
stanged	stang	verb:simple_past+
stanged	stang	verb:past_participle+
stanging	stang	verb:present_participle+
starch	starch	noun
starch	starch	adjective
startle	startle	noun
startle	startle	verb:simple_present+
startles	startle	verb:simple_present+
startled	startle	verb:simple_past+
startled	startle	verb:past_participle+
startling	startle	verb:present_participle+
stark	stark	noun
stark	stark	verb:simple_present+
starks	stark	verb:simple_present+
starked	stark	verb:simple_past+
starked	stark	verb:past_participle+
starking	stark	verb:present_participle+
stark	stark	adverbe
statistic	statistic	adjective
statistic	statistic	noun
statistics	statistic	noun:plural
statuette	statuette	noun
stave	stave	noun
staves	stave	noun:plural
stave	stave	verb:simple_present+
staves	stave	verb:simple_present+
staved	stave	verb:simple_past+
staved	stave	verb:past_participle+
staving	stave	verb:present_participle+
stead	stead	noun
stead	stead	verb:simple_present+
steads	stead	verb:simple_present+
steaded	stead	verb:simple_past+
steaded	stead	verb:past_participle+
steading	stead	verb:present_participle+
steak	steak	verb:simple_present+
steaks	steak	verb:simple_present+
steaked	steak	verb:simple_past+
steaked	steak	verb:past_participle+
steaking	steak	verb:present_participle+
stealthily	stealthily	adverbe
steed	steed	noun
steep	steep	adjective
steep	steep	verb:simple_present+
steeps	steep	verb:simple_present+
steeped	steep	verb:simple_past+
steeped	steep	verb:past_participle+
steeping	steep	verb:present_participle+
steeping	steep	verb:present_participle
stenograph	stenograph	noun
stenograph	stenograph	verb:simple_present+
stenographs	stenograph	verb:simple_present+
stenographed	stenograph	verb:simple_past+
stenographed	stenograph	verb:past_participle+
stenographing	stenograph	verb:present_participle+
stent	stent	noun
stent	stent	verb:simple_present+
stents	stent	verb:simple_present+
stented	stent	verb:simple_past+
stented	stent	verb:past_participle+
stenting	stent	verb:present_participle+
stickleback	stickleback	noun
stillbirth	stillbirth	noun
stingy	stingy	adjective
stockinet	stockinet	noun
stout	stout	noun
stout	stout	adjective
strain	strain	verb:simple_present+
strains	strain	verb:simple_present+
strained	strain	verb:simple_past+
strained	strain	verb:past_participle+
straining	strain	verb:present_participle+
strain	strain	noun
strainer	strainer	noun
stray	stray	noun
stray	stray	verb:simple_present+
strays	stray	verb:simple_present+
strayed	stray	verb:simple_past+
strayed	stray	verb:past_participle+
straying	stray	verb:present_participle+
stray	stray	adjective
straightforward	straightforward	adjective
straightforward	straightforward	adverbe
strengthen	strengthen	verb:simple_present+
strengthens	strengthen	verb:simple_present+
???	strengthen	verb:simple_past+
???	strengthen	verb:past_participle+
???	strengthen	verb:present_participle+
strict	strict	adjective
stringent	stringent	adjective
stroll	stroll	noun
stroll	stroll	verb:simple_present+
strolls	stroll	verb:simple_present+
strolled	stroll	verb:simple_past+
strolled	stroll	verb:past_participle+
strolling	stroll	verb:present_participle+
stuffy	stuffy	adjective
sty	sty	verb:simple_present+
sties	sty	verb:simple_present+
stied	sty	verb:simple_past+
stied	sty	verb:past_participle+
stying	sty	verb:present_participle+
subject-matter	subject-matter	noun
subscribe	subscribe	verb:simple_present+
subscribes	subscribe	verb:simple_present+
subscribed	subscribe	verb:simple_past+
subscribed	subscribe	verb:past_participle+
subscribing	subscribe	verb:present_participle+
sober	sober	adjective
subside	subside	verb:simple_present+
subsides	subside	verb:simple_present+
subsided	subside	verb:simple_past+
subsided	subside	verb:past_participle+
subsiding	subside	verb:present_participle+
subsistence	subsistence	noun
subsume	subsume	verb:simple_present+
subsumes	subsume	verb:simple_present+
subsumed	subsume	verb:simple_past+
subsumed	subsume	verb:past_participle+
subsuming	subsume	verb:present_participle+
subvert	subvert	verb:simple_present+
subverts	subvert	verb:simple_present+
subverted	subvert	verb:simple_past+
subverted	subvert	verb:past_participle+
subverting	subvert	verb:present_participle+
succeed	succeed	verb:simple_present+
succeeds	succeed	verb:simple_present+
succeeded	succeed	verb:simple_past+
succeeded	succeed	verb:past_participle+
succeeding	succeed	verb:present_participle+
successful	successful	adjective
suffice	suffice	verb:simple_present+
suffices	suffice	verb:simple_present+
sufficed	suffice	verb:simple_past+
sufficed	suffice	verb:past_participle+
sufficing	suffice	verb:present_participle+
sufficient	sufficient	adjective
suite	suite	noun
suite	suite	verb:simple_present+
suites	suite	verb:simple_present+
suited	suite	verb:simple_past+
suited	suite	verb:past_participle+
suiting	suite	verb:present_participle+
sunflower	sunflower	noun
sunflowers	sunflower	noun:plural
sunflower	sunflower	adjective
sunless	sunless	adjective
superstructure	superstructure	noun
surmise	surmise	noun
surmise	surmise	verb:simple_present+
surmises	surmise	verb:simple_present+
surmised	surmise	verb:simple_past+
surmised	surmise	verb:past_participle+
surmising	surmise	verb:present_participle+
surplus	surplus	noun
surplus	surplus	adjective
swagger	swagger	noun
swagger	swagger	verb:simple_present+
swaggers	swagger	verb:simple_present+
???	swagger	verb:simple_past+
???	swagger	verb:past_participle+
???	swagger	verb:present_participle+
swain	swain	noun
swang	swang	noun
swangs	swang	noun:plural
swang	swang	verb:simple_present+
swangs	swang	verb:simple_present+
swanged	swang	verb:simple_past+
swanged	swang	verb:past_participle+
swanging	swang	verb:present_participle+
swanky	swanky	noun
swathe	swathe	noun
sway	sway	noun
sway	sway	verb:simple_present+
sways	sway	verb:simple_present+
swayed	sway	verb:simple_past+
swayed	sway	verb:past_participle+
swaying	sway	verb:present_participle+
swerve	swerve	verb:simple_present+
swerves	swerve	verb:simple_present+
swerved	swerve	verb:simple_past+
swerved	swerve	verb:past_participle+
swerving	swerve	verb:present_participle+
swipe	swipe	verb:simple_present+transitive
swipes	swipe	verb:simple_present+transitive
swiped	swipe	verb:simple_past+transitive
swiped	swipe	verb:past_participle+transitive
swiping	swipe	verb:present_participle+transitive
swipe	swipe	verb:simple_present+intransitive
swipes	swipe	verb:simple_present+intransitive
swiped	swipe	verb:simple_past+intransitive
swiped	swipe	verb:past_participle+intransitive
swiping	swipe	verb:present_participle+intransitive
swipe	swipe	noun
stimuli	stimuli	noun
shameless	shameless	adjective
shroomer	shroomer	noun
shroomers	shroomer	noun:plural
shader	shader	noun
shady	shady	adjective
shaggy	shaggy	adjective
shale	shale	noun
shale	shale	verb:simple_present+
shales	shale	verb:simple_present+
shaled	shale	verb:simple_past+
shaled	shale	verb:past_participle+
shaling	shale	verb:present_participle+
shale	shale	noun
shriek	shriek	noun
shriek	shriek	verb:simple_present+
shrieks	shriek	verb:simple_present+
shrieked	shriek	verb:simple_past+
shrieked	shriek	verb:past_participle+
shrieking	shriek	verb:present_participle+
sycophantic	sycophantic	adjective
syne	syne	adverbe
synecdoche	synecdoche	noun
synecdoches	synecdoche	noun:plural
survive	survive	verb:simple_present+intransitive
survives	survive	verb:simple_present+intransitive
survived	survive	verb:simple_past+intransitive
survived	survive	verb:past_participle+intransitive
surviving	survive	verb:present_participle+intransitive
survive	survive	verb:simple_present+transitive
survives	survive	verb:simple_present+transitive
survived	survive	verb:simple_past+transitive
survived	survive	verb:past_participle+transitive
surviving	survive	verb:present_participle+transitive
supercilious	supercilious	adjective
scurf	scurf	noun
showy	showy	adjective
syllables	syllables	noun
sulk	sulk	verb:simple_present+
sulks	sulk	verb:simple_present+
sulked	sulk	verb:simple_past+
sulked	sulk	verb:past_participle+
sulking	sulk	verb:present_participle+
sulk	sulk	adverbe
stalling	stalling	noun
smoothie	smoothie	noun
smoothies	smoothie	noun:plural
schizophonia	schizophonia	noun
schizophonia	schizophonia	verb:simple_present+
schizophonias	schizophonia	verb:simple_present+
schizophoniad	schizophonia	verb:simple_past+
schizophoniad	schizophonia	verb:past_participle+
schizophoniing	schizophonia	verb:present_participle+
singe	singe	verb:simple_present+transitive
singes	singe	verb:simple_present+transitive
singed	singe	verb:simple_past+transitive
singed	singe	verb:past_participle+transitive
singing	singe	verb:present_participle+transitive
singeing	singe	verb:present_participle
semi-professional	semi-professional	adjective
semi-professional	semi-professional	noun
self-help	self-help	noun
seagull	seagull	noun
sunny	sunny	adjective
swordfish	swordfish	noun
stumped	stumped	adjective
surfer	surfer	noun
surfers	surfer	noun:plural
sanidine	sanidine	noun
stonefish	stonefish	noun
supra	supra	adverbe
spiteful	spiteful	adjective
somatic	somatic	adjective
stipping	stipping	verb:simple_present+
stippings	stipping	verb:simple_present+
stippinged	stipping	verb:simple_past+
stippinged	stipping	verb:past_participle+
stippinging	stipping	verb:present_participle+
stipped	stipped	verb:simple_present+
stippeds	stipped	verb:simple_present+
???	stipped	verb:simple_past+
???	stipped	verb:past_participle+
???	stipped	verb:present_participle+
splat	splat	noun
splat	splat	verb:simple_present+
splats	splat	verb:simple_present+
???	splat	verb:simple_past+
???	splat	verb:past_participle+
???	splat	verb:present_participle+
sci-fi	sci-fi	noun
stacked	stacked	verb:simple_present+
stackeds	stacked	verb:simple_present+
???	stacked	verb:simple_past+
???	stacked	verb:past_participle+
???	stacked	verb:present_participle+
stacked	stacked	adjective
striated	striated	adjective
striated	striated	noun
scientific	scientific	adjective
schlock	schlock	noun
slacker	slacker	noun
silicate	silicate	noun
stoop	stoop	noun
stoop	stoop	noun
stoop	stoop	verb:simple_present+
stoops	stoop	verb:simple_present+
stooped	stoop	verb:simple_past+
stooped	stoop	verb:past_participle+
stooping	stoop	verb:present_participle+
squat	squat	noun
squat	squat	verb:simple_present+
squats	squat	verb:simple_present+
squated	squat	verb:simple_past+
squated	squat	verb:past_participle+
squating	squat	verb:present_participle+
sodalite	sodalite	noun
syrup	syrup	noun
syrups	syrup	noun:plural
spongiosis	spongiosis	noun
syncretistic	syncretistic	adjective
spork	spork	noun
sporks	spork	noun:plural
splade	splade	noun
splades	splade	noun:plural
silver-tongue	silver-tongue	noun
savvy	savvy	adjective
suede	suede	noun
supernova	supernova	noun
supernovas	supernova	noun:plural
SOS	SOS	noun
supercilium	supercilium	noun
sheol	sheol	noun
sissy	sissy	noun
sissy	sissy	adjective
samekh	samekh	noun
sadhe	sadhe	noun
sade	sade	noun
sade	sade	proper noun
shin	shin	noun
shins	shin	noun:plural
shin	shin	noun
shins	shin	noun:plural
shin	shin	verb:simple_present+
shins	shin	verb:simple_present+
???	shin	verb:simple_past+
???	shin	verb:past_participle+
???	shin	verb:present_participle+
shinning	shin	verb:present_participle
starting	starting	verb:simple_present+
startings	starting	verb:simple_present+
startinged	starting	verb:simple_past+
startinged	starting	verb:past_participle+
startinging	starting	verb:present_participle+
sondag	sondag	noun
Satan	Satan	proper noun
slanderer	slanderer	noun
shrub	shrub	noun
shrubs	shrub	noun:plural
speaking	speaking	noun
speaking	speaking	adjective
stature	stature	noun
surprised	surprised	adjective
similarly	similarly	adverbe
sysops	sysops	noun
Sedna	Sedna	proper noun
sia	sia	adjective
solipsism	solipsism	noun
solipsistically	solipsistically	adverbe
shh	shh	interjection
sectarian	sectarian	noun
sucktacular	sucktacular	adjective
scapegoat	scapegoat	noun
squalor	squalor	noun
sluggish	sluggish	adjective
slothful	slothful	adjective
Shabbat	Shabbat	proper noun
saddlebag	saddlebag	noun
shift	shift	noun
shift	shift	verb:simple_present+
shifts	shift	verb:simple_present+
shifted	shift	verb:simple_past+
shifted	shift	verb:past_participle+
shifting	shift	verb:present_participle+
shifting	shift	verb:present_participle
self-referential	self-referential	adjective
simmer	simmer	noun
simmer	simmer	verb:simple_present+
simmers	simmer	verb:simple_present+
???	simmer	verb:simple_past+
???	simmer	verb:past_participle+
simmering	simmer	verb:present_participle+
splenectomy	splenectomy	noun
splenectomies	splenectomy	noun:plural
scarlet-collar	scarlet-collar	adjective
self-reference	self-reference	noun
superject	superject	noun
scriptability	scriptability	noun
smashpot	smashpot	noun
Slavic	Slavic	adjective
swive	swive	verb:simple_present+
swives	swive	verb:simple_present+
swived	swive	verb:simple_past+
swived	swive	verb:past_participle+
swiving	swive	verb:present_participle+
shampoo	shampoo	noun
shampoo	shampoo	verb:simple_present+transitive
shampooes	shampoo	verb:simple_present+transitive
shampooed	shampoo	verb:simple_past+transitive
shampooed	shampoo	verb:past_participle+transitive
shampooing	shampoo	verb:present_participle+transitive
shampooing	shampoo	verb:present_participle
sanskrit	sanskrit	noun
surfboard	surfboard	noun
surf	surf	noun
surf	surf	verb:simple_present+
surfs	surf	verb:simple_present+
surfed	surf	verb:simple_past+
surfed	surf	verb:past_participle+
surfing	surf	verb:present_participle+
surfing	surf	verb:present_participle
skier	skier	noun
surfing	surfing	verbal noun
surfing	surfing	noun
services	services	noun
sniff	sniff	verb:simple_present+
sniffs	sniff	verb:simple_present+
sniffed	sniff	verb:simple_past+
sniffed	sniff	verb:past_participle+
sniffing	sniff	verb:present_participle+
sniff	sniff	noun
sealab	sealab	noun
skylab	skylab	noun
sean	sean	adjective
Shaun	Shaun	proper noun
Shawn	Shawn	proper noun
sycophant	sycophant	noun
sangfroid	sangfroid	noun
sequester	sequester	verb:simple_present+
sequesters	sequester	verb:simple_present+
sequestered	sequester	verb:simple_past+
sequestered	sequester	verb:past_participle+
???	sequester	verb:present_participle+
semblance	semblance	noun
spleen	spleen	noun
spleens	spleen	noun:plural
swamp	swamp	noun
swamp	swamp	verb:simple_present+
swamps	swamp	verb:simple_present+
swamped	swamp	verb:simple_past+
swamped	swamp	verb:past_participle+
swamping	swamp	verb:present_participle+
swivel	swivel	noun
swivel	swivel	verb:simple_present+intransitive
swivels	swivel	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	swivel	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	swivel	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	swivel	verb:present_participle+intransitive
sodomy	sodomy	noun
spiff	spiff	noun
sinophile	sinophile	noun
synagogue	synagogue	noun
salaha	salaha	verb:simple_present+
salahas	salaha	verb:simple_present+
salahad	salaha	verb:simple_past+
salahad	salaha	verb:past_participle+
salahing	salaha	verb:present_participle+
sapila	sapila	verb:simple_present+
sapilas	sapila	verb:simple_present+
sapilad	sapila	verb:simple_past+
sapilad	sapila	verb:past_participle+
sapiling	sapila	verb:present_participle+
stationary	stationary	adjective
stationery	stationery	noun
skank	skank	noun
shirty	shirty	adjective
sensual	sensual	adjective
sensuous	sensuous	adjective
squatter	squatter	noun
stinkbush	stinkbush	noun
spasm	spasm	noun
septimal	septimal	adjective
stupendous	stupendous	noun
sumpit	sumpit	noun
Spanglish	Spanglish	proper noun
sinti	sinti	noun
satellite	satellite	noun
satellite	satellite	adjective
shitake	shitake	noun
skijor	skijor	verb:simple_present+intransitive
skijors	skijor	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	skijor	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	skijor	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	skijor	verb:present_participle+intransitive
stand-up	stand-up	adjective
stand-up	stand-up	noun
shave	shave	verb:simple_present+
shaves	shave	verb:simple_present+
shaved	shave	verb:simple_past+
shaved	shave	verb:past_participle+
shaven	shave	verb:past_participle+
shaving	shave	verb:present_participle+
shave	shave	noun
shaven	shaven	adjective
skeptic	skeptic	noun
schedule	schedule	noun
schedules	schedule	noun:plural
schedule	schedule	verb:simple_present+
schedules	schedule	verb:simple_present+
scheduled	schedule	verb:simple_past+
scheduled	schedule	verb:past_participle+
scheduling	schedule	verb:present_participle+
succedaneum	succedaneum	noun
sciolism	sciolism	noun
shocking	shocking	adjective
sceptic	sceptic	noun
slavey	slavey	noun
slumber	slumber	noun
slumber	slumber	verb:simple_present+intransitive
slumbers	slumber	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	slumber	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	slumber	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	slumber	verb:present_participle+intransitive
senesce	senesce	verb:simple_present+
senesces	senesce	verb:simple_present+
senesced	senesce	verb:simple_past+
senesced	senesce	verb:past_participle+
senescing	senesce	verb:present_participle+
soothing	soothing	verbal noun
soothing	soothing	adjective
soothe	soothe	verb:simple_present+
soothes	soothe	verb:simple_present+
soothed	soothe	verb:simple_past+
soothed	soothe	verb:past_participle+
soothing	soothe	verb:present_participle+
spoonerism	spoonerism	noun
spoonerisms	spoonerism	noun:plural
sciolist	sciolist	noun
stagflationary	stagflationary	adjective
stagflation	stagflation	noun
semivowel	semivowel	noun
siouan	siouan	adjective
schlep	schlep	verb:simple_present+transitive
schleps	schlep	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	schlep	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	schlep	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	schlep	verb:present_participle+transitive
schlepping	schlep	verb:present_participle
schlep	schlep	noun
subdominant	subdominant	noun
sashimi	sashimi	noun
sushi	sushi	noun
shelter	shelter	noun
shelter	shelter	verb:simple_present+
shelters	shelter	verb:simple_present+
???	shelter	verb:simple_past+
???	shelter	verb:past_participle+
???	shelter	verb:present_participle+
speculator	speculator	noun
salience	salience	noun
scillonian	scillonian	proper noun
seraglio	seraglio	noun
skeptical	skeptical	noun
skepticism	skepticism	noun
steven	steven	proper noun
Stephen	Stephen	proper noun
steric	steric	adjective
squishy	squishy	adjective
sink	sink	verb:simple_present+
sinks	sink	verb:simple_present+
sank	sink	verb:simple_past+
sunk	sink	verb:past_participle+
sinking	sink	verb:present_participle+
sinking	sink	verb:present_participle
sink	sink	noun
sinks	sink	noun:plural
sympathy	sympathy	noun
scalp	scalp	noun
scalps	scalp	noun:plural
scalp	scalp	verb:simple_present+
scalps	scalp	verb:simple_present+
scalped	scalp	verb:simple_past+
scalped	scalp	verb:past_participle+
scalping	scalp	verb:present_participle+
summarise	summarise	verb:simple_present+
summarises	summarise	verb:simple_present+
summarised	summarise	verb:simple_past+
summarised	summarise	verb:past_participle+
summarising	summarise	verb:present_participle+
subacid	subacid	adjective
shitetastic	shitetastic	adjective
sordid	sordid	adjective
soteriology	soteriology	noun
sephardi	sephardi	noun
sephardic	sephardic	adjective
symbolism	symbolism	noun
sore	sore	noun
sores	sore	noun:plural
sore	sore	adjective
Stancel	Stancel	proper noun
stronghold	stronghold	noun
shiver	shiver	verb:simple_present+
shivers	shiver	verb:simple_present+
???	shiver	verb:simple_past+
???	shiver	verb:past_participle+
shivering	shiver	verb:present_participle+
shiver	shiver	noun
sequin	sequin	noun
sip	sip	verb:simple_present+
sips	sip	verb:simple_present+
???	sip	verb:simple_past+
???	sip	verb:past_participle+
???	sip	verb:present_participle+
sipping	sip	verb:present_participle
sip	sip	noun
snuggle	snuggle	verb:simple_present+
snuggles	snuggle	verb:simple_present+
snuggled	snuggle	verb:simple_past+
snuggled	snuggle	verb:past_participle+
snuggling	snuggle	verb:present_participle+
seaweed	seaweed	noun
sewer	sewer	noun
sewers	sewer	noun:plural
sewer	sewer	noun
sewers	sewer	noun:plural
swarm	swarm	noun
swarm	swarm	verb:simple_present+
swarms	swarm	verb:simple_present+
swarmed	swarm	verb:simple_past+
swarmed	swarm	verb:past_participle+
swarming	swarm	verb:present_participle+
swarming	swarm	verb:present_participle
spectrometer	spectrometer	noun
salami	salami	noun
stream	stream	noun
stream	stream	verb:simple_present+
streams	stream	verb:simple_present+
streamed	stream	verb:simple_past+
streamed	stream	verb:past_participle+
streaming	stream	verb:present_participle+
scaffolding	scaffolding	noun
strum	strum	verb:simple_present+
strums	strum	verb:simple_present+
???	strum	verb:simple_past+
???	strum	verb:past_participle+
???	strum	verb:present_participle+
speedboat	speedboat	noun
shoulder	shoulder	noun
shoulders	shoulder	noun:plural
shoulder	shoulder	verb:simple_present+
shoulders	shoulder	verb:simple_present+
???	shoulder	verb:simple_past+
???	shoulder	verb:past_participle+
???	shoulder	verb:present_participle+
social	social	noun
social	social	adjective
stultify	stultify	verb:simple_present+
stultifies	stultify	verb:simple_present+
stultified	stultify	verb:simple_past+
stultified	stultify	verb:past_participle+
stultifying	stultify	verb:present_participle+
suffer	suffer	verb:simple_present+
suffers	suffer	verb:simple_present+
suffered	suffer	verb:simple_past+
suffered	suffer	verb:past_participle+
suffering	suffer	verb:present_participle+
suffering	suffer	verb:present_participle
sideburns	sideburns	noun
skim	skim	verb:simple_present+
skims	skim	verb:simple_present+
???	skim	verb:simple_past+
???	skim	verb:past_participle+
???	skim	verb:present_participle+
skimming	skim	verb:present_participle
snapdragon	snapdragon	noun
sorcery	sorcery	noun
spectacular	spectacular	adjective
Sindhi	Sindhi	noun
Singhalese	Singhalese	noun
slog	slog	verb:simple_present+
slogs	slog	verb:simple_present+
???	slog	verb:simple_past+
???	slog	verb:past_participle+
???	slog	verb:present_participle+
slog	slog	noun
snowbird	snowbird	noun
snowbirds	snowbird	noun:plural
sagacious	sagacious	adjective
spank	spank	verb:simple_present+
spanks	spank	verb:simple_present+
spanked	spank	verb:simple_past+
spanked	spank	verb:past_participle+
spanking	spank	verb:present_participle+
spanking	spank	verb:present_participle
spank	spank	noun
stoner	stoner	noun
strapper	strapper	noun
somnambulist	somnambulist	noun
spiffy	spiffy	adjective
systemic	systemic	adjective
selfless	selfless	adjective
Sabado	Sabado	noun
setyembre	setyembre	noun
schoolchild	schoolchild	noun
stench	stench	noun
scrawl	scrawl	noun
scrawl	scrawl	verb:simple_present+
scrawls	scrawl	verb:simple_present+
scrawled	scrawl	verb:simple_past+
scrawled	scrawl	verb:past_participle+
scrawling	scrawl	verb:present_participle+
seaport	seaport	noun
seagoing	seagoing	noun
sesquiplicate	sesquiplicate	adjective
scamper	scamper	verb:simple_present+intransitive
scampers	scamper	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	scamper	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	scamper	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	scamper	verb:present_participle+intransitive
scamper	scamper	noun
silicone	silicone	noun
s-word	s-word	noun
s-words	s-word	noun:plural
smaller	smaller	adjective
smallest	smallest	adjective
surly	surly	adjective
seduce	seduce	verb:simple_present+transitive
seduces	seduce	verb:simple_present+transitive
seduced	seduce	verb:simple_past+transitive
seduced	seduce	verb:past_participle+transitive
seducing	seduce	verb:present_participle+transitive
savik	savik	noun
sunagaq	sunagaq	noun
Saku	Saku	noun
sila	sila	noun
siqiniq	siqiniq	noun
sinaa	sinaa	noun
silami	silami	adverbe
siut	siut	noun
specify	specify	verb:simple_present+
specifies	specify	verb:simple_present+
specified	specify	verb:simple_past+
specified	specify	verb:past_participle+
specifying	specify	verb:present_participle+
screen	screen	noun
screens	screen	noun:plural
screen	screen	verb:simple_present+
screens	screen	verb:simple_present+
screened	screen	verb:simple_past+
screened	screen	verb:past_participle+
screening	screen	verb:present_participle+
shogunate	shogunate	noun
stash	stash	noun
stash	stash	verb:simple_present+
stashs	stash	verb:simple_present+
stashed	stash	verb:simple_past+
stashed	stash	verb:past_participle+
stashing	stash	verb:present_participle+
sturdy	sturdy	adjective
selfish	selfish	adjective
selfishly	selfishly	adverbe
surreptitiously	surreptitiously	adverbe
stun	stun	verb:simple_present+transitive
stuns	stun	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	stun	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	stun	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	stun	verb:present_participle+transitive
stunning	stun	verb:present_participle
shun	shun	verb:simple_present+
shuns	shun	verb:simple_present+
???	shun	verb:simple_past+
???	shun	verb:past_participle+
???	shun	verb:present_participle+
socialize	socialize	verb:simple_present+intransitive
socializes	socialize	verb:simple_present+intransitive
socialized	socialize	verb:simple_past+intransitive
socialized	socialize	verb:past_participle+intransitive
socializing	socialize	verb:present_participle+intransitive
socialize	socialize	verb:simple_present+transitive
socializes	socialize	verb:simple_present+transitive
socialized	socialize	verb:simple_past+transitive
socialized	socialize	verb:past_participle+transitive
socializing	socialize	verb:present_participle+transitive
semoleon	semoleon	noun
skulduggery	skulduggery	noun
sickle	sickle	noun
solo	solo	noun
solo	solo	adjective
simoleon	simoleon	noun
samoleon	samoleon	noun
sundry	sundry	adjective
sundry	sundry	noun
sundries	sundry	noun:plural
sheebeen	sheebeen	noun
shanty	shanty	noun
shanty	shanty	adjective
squamous	squamous	adjective
shindig	shindig	noun
shipshape	shipshape	adjective
scrivener	scrivener	noun
stable	stable	noun
stable	stable	adjective
stable	stable	verb:simple_present+transitive
stables	stable	verb:simple_present+transitive
stabled	stable	verb:simple_past+transitive
stabled	stable	verb:past_participle+transitive
stabling	stable	verb:present_participle+transitive
swyfe	swyfe	verb:simple_present+
swyfes	swyfe	verb:simple_present+
swyfed	swyfe	verb:simple_past+
swyfed	swyfe	verb:past_participle+
swyfing	swyfe	verb:present_participle+
souq	souq	noun
souqs	souq	noun:plural
sheila	sheila	proper noun
sheila	sheila	noun
sheilas	sheila	noun:plural
serviceable	serviceable	adjective
supply	supply	noun
supplies	supply	noun:plural
supply	supply	verb:simple_present+transitive
supplies	supply	verb:simple_present+transitive
supplied	supply	verb:simple_past+transitive
supplied	supply	verb:past_participle+transitive
supplying	supply	verb:present_participle+transitive
supplying	supply	verb:present_participle
supply	supply	verb:simple_present+intransitive
supplies	supply	verb:simple_present+intransitive
supplied	supply	verb:simple_past+intransitive
supplied	supply	verb:past_participle+intransitive
supplying	supply	verb:present_participle+intransitive
supply	supply	adjective
supply	supply	adverbe
syringe	syringe	noun
syringes	syringe	noun:plural
sphygmomanometer	sphygmomanometer	noun
specifically	specifically	adverbe
specific	specific	adjective
specific	specific	noun
Syriac	Syriac	proper noun
Syriacs	Syriac	proper noun:plural
Syriac	Syriac	adjective
swastika	swastika	noun
swastikas	swastika	noun:plural
spa	spa	noun
satisfaction	satisfaction	noun
summarize	summarize	verb:simple_present+
summarizes	summarize	verb:simple_present+
summarized	summarize	verb:simple_past+
summarized	summarize	verb:past_participle+
summarizing	summarize	verb:present_participle+
shareware	shareware	noun
sarcophagus	sarcophagus	noun
slammer	slammer	noun
sundowner	sundowner	noun
sandstone	sandstone	noun
statesman	statesman	noun
sikhism	sikhism	noun
shiralee	shiralee	noun
succinct	succinct	adjective
sleepwalker	sleepwalker	noun
scream	scream	noun
scream	scream	verb:simple_present+
screams	scream	verb:simple_present+
screamed	scream	verb:simple_past+
screamed	scream	verb:past_participle+
screaming	scream	verb:present_participle+
standby	standby	noun
standby	standby	verb:simple_present+
standbies	standby	verb:simple_present+
standbied	standby	verb:simple_past+
standbied	standby	verb:past_participle+
standbying	standby	verb:present_participle+
sook	sook	noun
sook	sook	adjective
Spider-Man	Spider-Man	proper noun
saith	saith	adjective
selene	selene	proper noun
submissive	submissive	noun
submissive	submissive	adjective
strumpet	strumpet	noun
savannah	savannah	noun
savannahs	savannah	noun:plural
savannah	savannah	proper noun
savanna	savanna	noun
savannas	savanna	noun:plural
sombre	sombre	adjective
saturnalia	saturnalia	noun
splotchy	splotchy	adjective
spliff	spliff	noun
spliffs	spliff	noun:plural
strip	strip	verb:simple_present+transitive
strips	strip	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	strip	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	strip	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	strip	verb:present_participle+transitive
stripping	strip	verb:present_participle
strip	strip	noun
sucker	sucker	noun
subduction	subduction	noun
subduction	subduction	adjective
schlemiel	schlemiel	noun
schlemiels	schlemiel	noun:plural
Sami	Sami	proper noun
Samis	Sami	proper noun:plural
Sidney	Sidney	proper noun
Sidneys	Sidney	proper noun:plural
shmuck	shmuck	noun
simon	simon	proper noun
simony	simony	noun
subcontinent	subcontinent	noun
Shropshire	Shropshire	proper noun
Somerset	Somerset	proper noun
Staffordshire	Staffordshire	proper noun
Suffolk	Suffolk	proper noun
Surrey	Surrey	proper noun
sussex	sussex	proper noun
skiffle	skiffle	noun
sloper	sloper	noun
subarctic	subarctic	proper noun
subarctic	subarctic	adjective
stroppy	stroppy	adjective
scordatura	scordatura	noun
somoleon	somoleon	noun
Snowdrop	Snowdrop	noun
spiderwort	spiderwort	noun
starvation	starvation	noun
starvation	starvation	adjective
sputnik	sputnik	noun
suppose	suppose	verb:simple_present+
supposes	suppose	verb:simple_present+
supposed	suppose	verb:simple_past+
supposed	suppose	verb:past_participle+
supposing	suppose	verb:present_participle+
stilton	stilton	proper noun
succumb	succumb	verb:simple_present+intransitive
succumbs	succumb	verb:simple_present+intransitive
succumbed	succumb	verb:simple_past+intransitive
succumbed	succumb	verb:past_participle+intransitive
succumbing	succumb	verb:present_participle+intransitive
silent	silent	adjective
silent	silent	noun
Spenser	Spenser	proper noun
sacred	sacred	adjective
starfucker	starfucker	noun
siren	siren	noun
schlong	schlong	noun
stranger	stranger	noun
stranger	stranger	adjective
shank	shank	noun
shank	shank	verb:simple_present+
shanks	shank	verb:simple_present+
shanked	shank	verb:simple_past+
shanked	shank	verb:past_participle+
shanking	shank	verb:present_participle+
scullery	scullery	noun
status	status	noun
spheroid	spheroid	noun
shorten	shorten	verb:simple_present+transitive
shortens	shorten	verb:simple_present+transitive
shortened	shorten	verb:simple_past+transitive
shortened	shorten	verb:past_participle+transitive
shortening	shorten	verb:present_participle+transitive
shortening	shorten	verb:present_participle
somnabulate	somnabulate	verb:simple_present+
somnabulates	somnabulate	verb:simple_present+
somnabulated	somnabulate	verb:simple_past+
somnabulated	somnabulate	verb:past_participle+
somnabulating	somnabulate	verb:present_participle+
Stevenage	Stevenage	proper noun
sleepwalk	sleepwalk	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sleepwalks	sleepwalk	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sleepwalked	sleepwalk	verb:simple_past+intransitive
sleepwalked	sleepwalk	verb:past_participle+intransitive
sleepwalking	sleepwalk	verb:present_participle+intransitive
slather	slather	verb:simple_present+
slathers	slather	verb:simple_present+
???	slather	verb:simple_past+
???	slather	verb:past_participle+
???	slather	verb:present_participle+
shits	shits	noun
spotless	spotless	adjective
suitable	suitable	adjective
submersible	submersible	adjective
submersible	submersible	noun
spaz	spaz	noun
sloth	sloth	noun
sloths	sloth	noun:plural
sitar	sitar	noun
soot	soot	noun
Southwark	Southwark	proper noun
stall	stall	noun
stalls	stall	noun:plural
stall	stall	verb:simple_present+
stalls	stall	verb:simple_present+
stalled	stall	verb:simple_past+
stalled	stall	verb:past_participle+
stalling	stall	verb:present_participle+
sitcom	sitcom	noun
soviet	soviet	noun
soviet	soviet	adjective
slavish	slavish	adjective
sibilate	sibilate	verb:simple_present+
sibilates	sibilate	verb:simple_present+
sibilated	sibilate	verb:simple_past+
sibilated	sibilate	verb:past_participle+
sibilating	sibilate	verb:present_participle+
sierra	sierra	noun
sewing	sewing	noun
shylock	shylock	proper noun
shylock	shylock	noun
shylock	shylock	verb:simple_present+intransitive
shylocks	shylock	verb:simple_present+intransitive
shylocked	shylock	verb:simple_past+intransitive
shylocked	shylock	verb:past_participle+intransitive
shylocking	shylock	verb:present_participle+intransitive
substrate	substrate	noun
stupa	stupa	noun
shoal	shoal	noun
shoals	shoal	noun:plural
subatomic	subatomic	adjective
servitude	servitude	noun
sugartime	sugartime	noun
sugartime	sugartime	proper noun
systems	systems	noun
systems	systems	adverbe
standards	standards	noun
standards	standards	adverbe
simplistic	simplistic	adjective
salesman	salesman	noun
sequitur	sequitur	noun
sequiturs	sequitur	noun:plural
subset	subset	noun
subsets	subset	noun:plural
suhagan	suhagan	noun
scrutinise	scrutinise	verb:simple_present+
scrutinises	scrutinise	verb:simple_present+
scrutinised	scrutinise	verb:simple_past+
scrutinised	scrutinise	verb:past_participle+
scrutinising	scrutinise	verb:present_participle+
scholar	scholar	noun
superstition	superstition	noun
sportsmanship	sportsmanship	noun
swiftly	swiftly	adverbe
savoir-faire	savoir-faire	noun
solemn	solemn	adjective
somersault	somersault	noun
starjump	starjump	noun
scrotal	scrotal	adjective
scrotum	scrotum	noun
scrotums	scrotum	noun:plural
scrota	scrota	noun
spatula	spatula	noun
spatulas	spatula	noun:plural
sergeant	sergeant	noun
squabble	squabble	noun
squabble	squabble	verb:simple_present+
squabbles	squabble	verb:simple_present+
squabbled	squabble	verb:simple_past+
squabbled	squabble	verb:past_participle+
squabbling	squabble	verb:present_participle+
stollen	stollen	noun
stollens	stollen	noun:plural
snicker	snicker	noun
snickers	snicker	noun:plural
snicker	snicker	verb:simple_present+intransitive
snickers	snicker	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	snicker	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	snicker	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	snicker	verb:present_participle+intransitive
spacetime	spacetime	noun
sculettare	sculettare	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sculettares	sculettare	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sculettared	sculettare	verb:simple_past+intransitive
sculettared	sculettare	verb:past_participle+intransitive
sculettaring	sculettare	verb:present_participle+intransitive
shlemiel	shlemiel	noun
shlemiels	shlemiel	noun:plural
sheugh	sheugh	noun
smilie	smilie	noun
spontaneous	spontaneous	adjective
synapse	synapse	noun
synapses	synapse	noun:plural
synapse	synapse	verb:simple_present+intransitive
synapses	synapse	verb:simple_present+intransitive
synapsed	synapse	verb:simple_past+intransitive
synapsed	synapse	verb:past_participle+intransitive
synapsing	synapse	verb:present_participle+intransitive
schwag	schwag	noun
synapsis	synapsis	noun
stellar	stellar	adjective
seren	seren	noun
siop	siop	noun
swydd	swydd	noun
secretive	secretive	adjective
secrecy	secrecy	noun
surveillance	surveillance	noun
suspicion	suspicion	noun
suspect	suspect	verb:simple_present+transitive
suspects	suspect	verb:simple_present+transitive
suspected	suspect	verb:simple_past+transitive
suspected	suspect	verb:past_participle+transitive
suspecting	suspect	verb:present_participle+transitive
suspecting	suspect	verb:present_participle
suspect	suspect	verb:simple_present+intransitive
suspects	suspect	verb:simple_present+intransitive
suspected	suspect	verb:simple_past+intransitive
suspected	suspect	verb:past_participle+intransitive
suspecting	suspect	verb:present_participle+intransitive
suspect	suspect	noun
suspects	suspect	noun:plural
suspect	suspect	adjective
sailing	sailing	noun
sailing	sailing	adjective
shipping	shipping	noun
sensation	sensation	noun
sextant	sextant	noun
soapbox	soapbox	noun
soapboxes	soapbox	noun:plural
served	served	verb:simple_present+
serveds	served	verb:simple_present+
???	served	verb:simple_past+
???	served	verb:past_participle+
???	served	verb:present_participle+
sensible	sensible	adjective
sometimes	sometimes	adverbe
simp	simp	noun
simpleton	simpleton	noun
sometime	sometime	adverbe
sometime	sometime	adjective
snub	snub	verb:simple_present+transitive
snubs	snub	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	snub	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	snub	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	snub	verb:present_participle+transitive
snubbing	snub	verb:present_participle
snub	snub	noun
snub	snub	adjective
stinker	stinker	noun
stinkers	stinker	noun:plural
sebaceous	sebaceous	adjective
signature	signature	noun
signature	signature	adjective
stigma	stigma	noun
stigmas	stigma	noun:plural
stigmata	stigmata	noun
stigmata	stigmata	proper noun
scatological	scatological	adjective
sejm	sejm	noun
szlachta	szlachta	proper noun
scheme	scheme	noun
scheme	scheme	verb:simple_present+
schemes	scheme	verb:simple_present+
schemed	scheme	verb:simple_past+
schemed	scheme	verb:past_participle+
scheming	scheme	verb:present_participle+
sarcoma	sarcoma	noun
satire	satire	noun
Sophia	Sophia	proper noun
satyr	satyr	noun
stereotype	stereotype	noun
stereotype	stereotype	verb:simple_present+transitive
stereotypes	stereotype	verb:simple_present+transitive
stereotyped	stereotype	verb:simple_past+transitive
stereotyped	stereotype	verb:past_participle+transitive
stereotyping	stereotype	verb:present_participle+transitive
stethoscope	stethoscope	noun
Sophie	Sophie	proper noun
stichomythia	stichomythia	noun
strategy	strategy	noun
strategies	strategy	noun:plural
stoma	stoma	noun
stygian	stygian	adjective
symbiosis	symbiosis	noun
symphony	symphony	noun
symphonies	symphony	noun:plural
synoptic	synoptic	adjective
schmaltz	schmaltz	noun
schmear	schmear	noun
schmo	schmo	noun
schmooze	schmooze	verb:simple_present+
schmoozes	schmooze	verb:simple_present+
schmoozed	schmooze	verb:simple_past+
schmoozed	schmooze	verb:past_participle+
schmoozing	schmooze	verb:present_participle+
schmooze	schmooze	noun
schnoz	schnoz	noun
shammes	shammes	noun
shlep	shlep	verb:simple_present+
shleps	shlep	verb:simple_present+
???	shlep	verb:simple_past+
???	shlep	verb:past_participle+
???	shlep	verb:present_participle+
shlep	shlep	noun
shlong	shlong	noun
shtick	shtick	noun
spiel	spiel	noun
spiel	spiel	verb:simple_present+
spiels	spiel	verb:simple_present+
spieled	spiel	verb:simple_past+
spieled	spiel	verb:past_participle+
spieling	spiel	verb:present_participle+
sati	sati	proper noun
shunyata	shunyata	noun
sutra	sutra	noun
sarong	sarong	noun
surrealism	surrealism	noun
sentinel	sentinel	noun
sentinel	sentinel	verb:simple_present+transitive
sentinels	sentinel	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	sentinel	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	sentinel	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	sentinel	verb:present_participle+transitive
semtex	semtex	noun
shako	shako	noun
shakoes	shako	noun:plural
shawl	shawl	noun
slalom	slalom	noun
slalom	slalom	verb:simple_present+intransitive
slaloms	slalom	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	slalom	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	slalom	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	slalom	verb:present_participle+intransitive
sablefish	sablefish	noun
smidgen	smidgen	noun
smidgens	smidgen	noun:plural
scuffle	scuffle	noun
scuffle	scuffle	verb:simple_present+intransitive
scuffles	scuffle	verb:simple_present+intransitive
scuffled	scuffle	verb:simple_past+intransitive
scuffled	scuffle	verb:past_participle+intransitive
scuffling	scuffle	verb:present_participle+intransitive
sprint	sprint	noun
sprint	sprint	verb:simple_present+
sprints	sprint	verb:simple_present+
sprinted	sprint	verb:simple_past+
sprinted	sprint	verb:past_participle+
sprinting	sprint	verb:present_participle+
shore	shore	noun
shores	shore	noun:plural
shore	shore	verb:simple_present+
shores	shore	verb:simple_present+
shored	shore	verb:simple_past+
shored	shore	verb:past_participle+
shoring	shore	verb:present_participle+
scrum	scrum	noun
shopworn	shopworn	adjective
scone	scone	noun
scone	scone	proper noun
skipper	skipper	noun
skipper	skipper	verb:simple_present+transitive
skippers	skipper	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	skipper	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	skipper	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	skipper	verb:present_participle+transitive
slurp	slurp	verb:simple_present+
slurps	slurp	verb:simple_present+
slurped	slurp	verb:simple_past+
slurped	slurp	verb:past_participle+
slurping	slurp	verb:present_participle+
slurp	slurp	noun
smelting	smelting	noun
smuggle	smuggle	verb:simple_present+
smuggles	smuggle	verb:simple_present+
smuggled	smuggle	verb:simple_past+
smuggled	smuggle	verb:past_participle+
smuggling	smuggle	verb:present_participle+
spook	spook	noun
spooks	spook	noun:plural
spook	spook	verb:simple_present+
spooks	spook	verb:simple_present+
spooked	spook	verb:simple_past+
spooked	spook	verb:past_participle+
spooking	spook	verb:present_participle+
spooking	spook	verb:present_participle
stoke	stoke	verb:simple_present+
stokes	stoke	verb:simple_present+
stoked	stoke	verb:simple_past+
stoked	stoke	verb:past_participle+
stoking	stoke	verb:present_participle+
stoke	stoke	noun
stoke	stoke	proper noun
slipper	slipper	noun
stereopticon	stereopticon	noun
shebeen	shebeen	noun
smashing	smashing	adjective
smashing	smashing	verbal noun
sceach	sceach	noun
swelter	swelter	verb:simple_present+intransitive
swelters	swelter	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sweltered	swelter	verb:simple_past+intransitive
sweltered	swelter	verb:past_participle+intransitive
sweltering	swelter	verb:present_participle+intransitive
swelter	swelter	noun
session	session	noun
setting	setting	noun
setting	setting	verb:simple_present+
settings	setting	verb:simple_present+
settinged	setting	verb:simple_past+
settinged	setting	verb:past_participle+
settinging	setting	verb:present_participle+
surgery	surgery	noun
surgeries	surgery	noun:plural
sensitive	sensitive	adjective
spoor	spoor	noun
spoor	spoor	verb:simple_present+transitive
spoors	spoor	verb:simple_present+transitive
spoored	spoor	verb:simple_past+transitive
spoored	spoor	verb:past_participle+transitive
spooring	spoor	verb:present_participle+transitive
scope	scope	noun
scope	scope	verb:simple_present+
scopes	scope	verb:simple_present+
scoped	scope	verb:simple_past+
scoped	scope	verb:past_participle+
scoping	scope	verb:present_participle+
smudge	smudge	noun
smudge	smudge	verb:simple_present+
smudges	smudge	verb:simple_present+
smudged	smudge	verb:simple_past+
smudged	smudge	verb:past_participle+
smudging	smudge	verb:present_participle+
squeal	squeal	noun
squeal	squeal	verb:simple_present+
squeals	squeal	verb:simple_present+
squealed	squeal	verb:simple_past+
squealed	squeal	verb:past_participle+
squealing	squeal	verb:present_participle+
squealing	squeal	verb:present_participle
succotash	succotash	noun
stillicide	stillicide	noun
stillicides	stillicide	noun:plural
sidle	sidle	verb:simple_present+
sidles	sidle	verb:simple_present+
sidled	sidle	verb:simple_past+
sidled	sidle	verb:past_participle+
sidling	sidle	verb:present_participle+
sidle	sidle	noun
stipes	stipes	noun
septuagenarian	septuagenarian	noun
septuagenarian	septuagenarian	adjective
snollygoster	snollygoster	noun
sanguinivorous	sanguinivorous	noun
shoo	shoo	interjection
spoof	spoof	noun
spoof	spoof	verb:simple_present+transitive
spoofs	spoof	verb:simple_present+transitive
spoofed	spoof	verb:simple_past+transitive
spoofed	spoof	verb:past_participle+transitive
spoofing	spoof	verb:present_participle+transitive
spoofing	spoof	verb:present_participle
spoof	spoof	noun
sear	sear	verb:simple_present+
sears	sear	verb:simple_present+
seared	sear	verb:simple_past+
seared	sear	verb:past_participle+
searing	sear	verb:present_participle+
sear	sear	noun
shrove	shrove	verb:simple_present+
shroves	shrove	verb:simple_present+
shroved	shrove	verb:simple_past+
shroved	shrove	verb:past_participle+
shroving	shrove	verb:present_participle+
slapp	slapp	noun
seafarer	seafarer	noun
succession	succession	noun
sidetrack	sidetrack	verb:simple_present+transitive
sidetracks	sidetrack	verb:simple_present+transitive
sidetracked	sidetrack	verb:simple_past+transitive
sidetracked	sidetrack	verb:past_participle+transitive
sidetracking	sidetrack	verb:present_participle+transitive
scally	scally	noun
stifle	stifle	verb:simple_present+
stifles	stifle	verb:simple_present+
stifled	stifle	verb:simple_past+
stifled	stifle	verb:past_participle+
stifling	stifle	verb:present_participle+
stifle	stifle	verb:simple_present+transitive
stifles	stifle	verb:simple_present+transitive
stifled	stifle	verb:simple_past+transitive
stifled	stifle	verb:past_participle+transitive
stifling	stifle	verb:present_participle+transitive
stifle	stifle	verb:simple_present+intransitive
stifles	stifle	verb:simple_present+intransitive
stifled	stifle	verb:simple_past+intransitive
stifled	stifle	verb:past_participle+intransitive
stifling	stifle	verb:present_participle+intransitive
stifle	stifle	noun
stubbie	stubbie	noun
schooner	schooner	noun
Shakespeare	Shakespeare	proper noun
Shakespeare	Shakespeare	adjective
smallpox	smallpox	noun
separation	separation	noun
sustain	sustain	verb:simple_present+transitive
sustains	sustain	verb:simple_present+transitive
sustained	sustain	verb:simple_past+transitive
sustained	sustain	verb:past_participle+transitive
sustaining	sustain	verb:present_participle+transitive
suture	suture	noun
suture	suture	verb:simple_present+transitive
sutures	suture	verb:simple_present+transitive
sutured	suture	verb:simple_past+transitive
sutured	suture	verb:past_participle+transitive
suturing	suture	verb:present_participle+transitive
songbird	songbird	noun
secession	secession	noun
slough	slough	noun
sloughs	slough	noun:plural
slough	slough	noun
sloughs	slough	noun:plural
slough	slough	verb:simple_present+transitive
sloughs	slough	verb:simple_present+transitive
sloughed	slough	verb:simple_past+transitive
sloughed	slough	verb:past_participle+transitive
sloughing	slough	verb:present_participle+transitive
sloughing	slough	verb:present_participle
slough	slough	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sloughs	slough	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sloughed	slough	verb:simple_past+intransitive
sloughed	slough	verb:past_participle+intransitive
sloughing	slough	verb:present_participle+intransitive
supergrass	supergrass	noun
smurf	smurf	noun
smurf	smurf	verb:simple_present+
smurfs	smurf	verb:simple_present+
smurfed	smurf	verb:simple_past+
smurfed	smurf	verb:past_participle+
smurfing	smurf	verb:present_participle+
smurf	smurf	verb:simple_present+
smurfs	smurf	verb:simple_present+
smurfed	smurf	verb:simple_past+
smurfed	smurf	verb:past_participle+
smurfing	smurf	verb:present_participle+
smurfing	smurf	verb:present_participle
saccharide	saccharide	noun
scorch	scorch	verb:simple_present+
scorchs	scorch	verb:simple_present+
scorched	scorch	verb:simple_past+
scorched	scorch	verb:past_participle+
scorching	scorch	verb:present_participle+
scorch	scorch	noun
sesame	sesame	noun
salvation	salvation	noun
sharia	sharia	proper noun
seamanlike	seamanlike	adjective
scuttleware	scuttleware	noun
synthetic	synthetic	adjective
synthetic	synthetic	noun
solace	solace	noun
solace	solace	verb:simple_present+
solaces	solace	verb:simple_present+
solaced	solace	verb:simple_past+
solaced	solace	verb:past_participle+
solacing	solace	verb:present_participle+
standing	standing	noun
standing	standing	adjective
standing	standing	verb:simple_present+
standings	standing	verb:simple_present+
standinged	standing	verb:simple_past+
standinged	standing	verb:past_participle+
standinging	standing	verb:present_participle+
Samos	Samos	noun
shaping	shaping	noun
shaping	shaping	verbal noun
straight-acting	straight-acting	adjective
soften	soften	verb:simple_present+
softens	soften	verb:simple_present+
softened	soften	verb:simple_past+
softened	soften	verb:past_participle+
???	soften	verb:present_participle+
shrewd	shrewd	adjective
severe	severe	adjective
slightly	slightly	adverbe
soluble	soluble	adjective
syrupy	syrupy	adjective
supposed	supposed	adjective
suitability	suitability	noun
scurcio	scurcio	noun
sounding	sounding	noun
soundings	sounding	noun:plural
sounding	sounding	adjective
sounding	sounding	verb:simple_present+
soundings	sounding	verb:simple_present+
soundinged	sounding	verb:simple_past+
soundinged	sounding	verb:past_participle+
soundinging	sounding	verb:present_participle+
spindle	spindle	noun
susan	susan	proper noun
slurpee	slurpee	proper noun
slurpee	slurpee	noun
slurpees	slurpee	noun:plural
shrek	shrek	noun
Simone	Simone	proper noun
stalking	stalking	noun
summary	summary	adjective
summary	summary	noun
summaries	summary	noun:plural
summery	summery	adjective
skew-whiff	skew-whiff	adjective
squiffy	squiffy	adjective
surround	surround	verb:simple_present+transitive
surrounds	surround	verb:simple_present+transitive
surrounded	surround	verb:simple_past+transitive
surrounded	surround	verb:past_participle+transitive
surrounding	surround	verb:present_participle+transitive
surrounding	surround	verb:present_participle
surround	surround	noun
sarky	sarky	adjective
sellotape	sellotape	noun
sellotape	sellotape	verb:simple_present+transitive
sellotapes	sellotape	verb:simple_present+transitive
sellotaped	sellotape	verb:simple_past+transitive
sellotaped	sellotape	verb:past_participle+transitive
sellotaping	sellotape	verb:present_participle+transitive
slaphead	slaphead	noun
skip	skip	verb:simple_present+
skips	skip	verb:simple_present+
???	skip	verb:simple_past+
???	skip	verb:past_participle+
???	skip	verb:present_participle+
skip	skip	noun
skips	skip	noun:plural
stupefy	stupefy	verb:simple_present+
stupefies	stupefy	verb:simple_present+
stupefied	stupefy	verb:simple_past+
stupefied	stupefy	verb:past_participle+
stupefying	stupefy	verb:present_participle+
sleeveless	sleeveless	adjective
squinch	squinch	noun
squinches	squinch	noun:plural
squint	squint	verb:simple_present+
squints	squint	verb:simple_present+
squinted	squint	verb:simple_past+
squinted	squint	verb:past_participle+
squinting	squint	verb:present_participle+
squint	squint	noun
strabismus	strabismus	noun
sales	sales	noun
streaker	streaker	noun
scam	scam	noun
scam	scam	verb:simple_present+
scams	scam	verb:simple_present+
???	scam	verb:simple_past+
???	scam	verb:past_participle+
???	scam	verb:present_participle+
seldom	seldom	adverbe
spacefiller	spacefiller	noun
sledgehammer	sledgehammer	noun
shtetl	shtetl	noun
shtetls	shtetl	noun:plural
synophrys	synophrys	noun
seth	seth	proper noun
strongly	strongly	adverbe
subsequently	subsequently	adverbe
subsequent	subsequent	adjective
surrounding	surrounding	verb:simple_present+
surroundings	surrounding	verb:simple_present+
surroundinged	surrounding	verb:simple_past+
surroundinged	surrounding	verb:past_participle+
surroundinging	surrounding	verb:present_participle+
surrounding	surrounding	noun
surroundings	surrounding	noun:plural
serving	serving	verbal noun
serving	serving	noun
servings	serving	noun:plural
semelfactive	semelfactive	adjective
semelfactive	semelfactive	noun
sesquipedalianist	sesquipedalianist	noun
scuttle-butt	scuttle-butt	noun
sassenach	sassenach	noun
schmutz	schmutz	noun
scupper	scupper	verb:simple_present+
scuppers	scupper	verb:simple_present+
???	scupper	verb:simple_past+
???	scupper	verb:past_participle+
???	scupper	verb:present_participle+
scupper	scupper	noun
seafaring	seafaring	adjective
seafaring	seafaring	noun
samian	samian	adjective
samian	samian	noun
shortwave	shortwave	adjective
sulphide	sulphide	noun
Shazia	Shazia	proper noun
sermon	sermon	noun
semitone	semitone	noun
seabed	seabed	noun
scrubber	scrubber	noun
subfamily	subfamily	noun
screenburn	screenburn	noun
screensaver	screensaver	noun
sesquicentenary	sesquicentenary	noun
sesquicentennial	sesquicentennial	adjective
sesquioxide	sesquioxide	noun
sesquiplane	sesquiplane	noun
subterfuge	subterfuge	noun
stolid	stolid	adjective
sopranista	sopranista	noun
sagittal	sagittal	adjective
suffrage	suffrage	noun
suffragette	suffragette	noun
shandy	shandy	noun
shandies	shandy	noun:plural
subspecies	subspecies	noun
sarge	sarge	noun
stria	stria	noun
striae	striae	noun
striation	striation	noun
slobber	slobber	verb:simple_present+
slobbers	slobber	verb:simple_present+
???	slobber	verb:simple_past+
???	slobber	verb:past_participle+
???	slobber	verb:present_participle+
saunter	saunter	verb:simple_present+
saunters	saunter	verb:simple_present+
???	saunter	verb:simple_past+
???	saunter	verb:past_participle+
???	saunter	verb:present_participle+
saunter	saunter	noun
snorting	snorting	verb:simple_present+
snortings	snorting	verb:simple_present+
snortinged	snorting	verb:simple_past+
snortinged	snorting	verb:past_participle+
snortinging	snorting	verb:present_participle+
snorts	snorts	noun
snorted	snorted	verb:simple_present+
snorteds	snorted	verb:simple_present+
???	snorted	verb:simple_past+
???	snorted	verb:past_participle+
???	snorted	verb:present_participle+
strakes	strakes	noun
stimulant	stimulant	noun
stimulant	stimulant	adjective
spinner	spinner	noun
suborn	suborn	verb:simple_present+transitive
suborns	suborn	verb:simple_present+transitive
suborned	suborn	verb:simple_past+transitive
suborned	suborn	verb:past_participle+transitive
suborning	suborn	verb:present_participle+transitive
scanger	scanger	noun
spide	spide	noun
swab	swab	noun
swab	swab	verb:simple_present+transitive
swabs	swab	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	swab	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	swab	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	swab	verb:present_participle+transitive
sycamore	sycamore	noun
Scott	Scott	proper noun
synamphoteron	synamphoteron	noun
Suricata	Suricata	proper noun
subclass	subclass	noun
superfamily	superfamily	noun
Simiiformes	Simiiformes	proper noun
stig	stig	noun
subphylum	subphylum	noun
shredder	shredder	noun
spoiler	spoiler	noun
superphylum	superphylum	noun
subkingdom	subkingdom	noun
suborder	suborder	noun
sheesh	sheesh	interjection
sacerdotalism	sacerdotalism	noun
sig	sig	noun
scriptural	scriptural	adjective
separator	separator	noun
smug	smug	adjective
supposition	supposition	noun
sceiche	sceiche	noun
sceacha	sceacha	noun
somnambulistic	somnambulistic	adjective
spizzwink	spizzwink	noun
shove	shove	verb:simple_present+
shoves	shove	verb:simple_present+
shoved	shove	verb:simple_past+
shoved	shove	verb:past_participle+
shoving	shove	verb:present_participle+
shove	shove	noun
scot-free	scot-free	adjective
seminiferous	seminiferous	adjective
superorder	superorder	noun
simplified	simplified	adjective
simplify	simplify	verb:simple_present+transitive
simplifies	simplify	verb:simple_present+transitive
simplified	simplify	verb:simple_past+transitive
simplified	simplify	verb:past_participle+transitive
simplifying	simplify	verb:present_participle+transitive
simplifying	simplify	verb:present_participle
steerage	steerage	noun
steerageway	steerageway	noun
smacker	smacker	noun
smackers	smacker	noun:plural
suffragist	suffragist	noun
soigne	soigne	adjective
serenity	serenity	noun
systole	systole	noun
systoles	systole	noun:plural
socialite	socialite	noun
smokeless	smokeless	adjective
smarmy	smarmy	adjective
surgeon	surgeon	noun
stow	stow	verb:simple_present+
stows	stow	verb:simple_present+
???	stow	verb:simple_past+
???	stow	verb:past_participle+
???	stow	verb:present_participle+
sexes	sexes	noun
suspend	suspend	verb:simple_present+
suspends	suspend	verb:simple_present+
suspended	suspend	verb:simple_past+
suspended	suspend	verb:past_participle+
suspending	suspend	verb:present_participle+
suspending	suspend	verb:present_participle
spicy	spicy	adjective
sewage	sewage	noun
sectility	sectility	noun
sweeper	sweeper	noun
Samuel	Samuel	proper noun
Samuel	Samuel	proper noun
Sam	Sam	proper noun
squalid	squalid	adjective
slua	slua	noun
slaba	slaba	noun
sophomoric	sophomoric	adjective
shoemaker	shoemaker	noun
salach	salach	adjective
spirillum	spirillum	noun
sarcinae	sarcinae	noun
sorto	sorto	noun
sequar	sequar	noun
spectroscopy	spectroscopy	noun
se-tenant	se-tenant	noun
se-tenants	se-tenant	noun:plural
signifikar	signifikar	verb:simple_present+
signifikars	signifikar	verb:simple_present+
???	signifikar	verb:simple_past+
???	signifikar	verb:past_participle+
???	signifikar	verb:present_participle+
sass	sass	noun
sass	sass	verb:simple_present+
sasss	sass	verb:simple_present+
sassed	sass	verb:simple_past+
sassed	sass	verb:past_participle+
sassing	sass	verb:present_participle+
sassing	sass	verb:present_participle
suppurate	suppurate	verb:simple_present+
suppurates	suppurate	verb:simple_present+
suppurated	suppurate	verb:simple_past+
suppurated	suppurate	verb:past_participle+
suppurating	suppurate	verb:present_participle+
savar	savar	verb:simple_present+
savars	savar	verb:simple_present+
???	savar	verb:simple_past+
???	savar	verb:past_participle+
???	savar	verb:present_participle+
skribar	skribar	verb:simple_present+
skribars	skribar	verb:simple_present+
???	skribar	verb:simple_past+
???	skribar	verb:past_participle+
???	skribar	verb:present_participle+
singla	singla	adjective
scrapie	scrapie	noun
syllabus	syllabus	noun
syllabi	syllabus	noun:plural
sheriff	sheriff	noun
significance	significance	noun
sanguinary	sanguinary	adjective
surfaco	surfaco	noun
steeplechase	steeplechase	noun
strado	strado	noun
semano	semano	noun
stelo	stelo	noun
suffocate	suffocate	verb:simple_present+
suffocates	suffocate	verb:simple_present+
suffocated	suffocate	verb:simple_past+
suffocated	suffocate	verb:past_participle+
suffocating	suffocate	verb:present_participle+
suffocate	suffocate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
suffocates	suffocate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
suffocated	suffocate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
suffocated	suffocate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
suffocating	suffocate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
suffocate	suffocate	verb:simple_present+transitive
suffocates	suffocate	verb:simple_present+transitive
suffocated	suffocate	verb:simple_past+transitive
suffocated	suffocate	verb:past_participle+transitive
suffocating	suffocate	verb:present_participle+transitive
stickler	stickler	noun
suffocation	suffocation	noun
stunt	stunt	noun
stunt	stunt	verb:simple_present+
stunts	stunt	verb:simple_present+
stunted	stunt	verb:simple_past+
stunted	stunt	verb:past_participle+
stunting	stunt	verb:present_participle+
spotlight	spotlight	noun
streak	streak	noun
streaks	streak	noun:plural
streak	streak	verb:simple_present+
streaks	streak	verb:simple_present+
streaked	streak	verb:simple_past+
streaked	streak	verb:past_participle+
streaking	streak	verb:present_participle+
streaking	streak	verb:present_participle
submerge	submerge	verb:simple_present+
submerges	submerge	verb:simple_present+
submerged	submerge	verb:simple_past+
submerged	submerge	verb:past_participle+
submerging	submerge	verb:present_participle+
submerge	submerge	verb:simple_present+intransitive
submerges	submerge	verb:simple_present+intransitive
submerged	submerge	verb:simple_past+intransitive
submerged	submerge	verb:past_participle+intransitive
submerging	submerge	verb:present_participle+intransitive
submerge	submerge	verb:simple_present+transitive
submerges	submerge	verb:simple_present+transitive
submerged	submerge	verb:simple_past+transitive
submerged	submerge	verb:past_participle+transitive
submerging	submerge	verb:present_participle+transitive
Steve	Steve	proper noun
stickup	stickup	noun
slapstick	slapstick	noun
situate	situate	verb:simple_present+
situates	situate	verb:simple_present+
situated	situate	verb:simple_past+
situated	situate	verb:past_participle+
situating	situate	verb:present_participle+
settlement	settlement	noun
settlements	settlement	noun:plural
stance	stance	noun
spod	spod	noun
staunch	staunch	adjective
staunch	staunch	verb:simple_present+transitive
staunchs	staunch	verb:simple_present+transitive
staunched	staunch	verb:simple_past+transitive
staunched	staunch	verb:past_participle+transitive
staunching	staunch	verb:present_participle+transitive
solecism	solecism	noun
solecisms	solecism	noun:plural
souped-up	souped-up	adjective
sward	sward	noun
swards	sward	noun:plural
swarth	swarth	noun
swarthes	swarth	noun:plural
smaragd	smaragd	noun
smaragds	smaragd	noun:plural
smaragdine	smaragdine	adjective
stump	stump	noun
stump	stump	verb:simple_present+
stumps	stump	verb:simple_present+
stumped	stump	verb:simple_past+
stumped	stump	verb:past_participle+
stumping	stump	verb:present_participle+
stumping	stump	verb:present_participle
scram	scram	verb:simple_present+
scrams	scram	verb:simple_present+
???	scram	verb:simple_past+
???	scram	verb:past_participle+
???	scram	verb:present_participle+
semicircle	semicircle	noun
semicircular	semicircular	adjective
see-through	see-through	adjective
stumps	stumps	noun
sculpture	sculpture	noun
sculpture	sculpture	verb:simple_present+
sculptures	sculpture	verb:simple_present+
sculptured	sculpture	verb:simple_past+
sculptured	sculpture	verb:past_participle+
sculpturing	sculpture	verb:present_participle+
stour	stour	adjective
snarf	snarf	verb:simple_present+
snarfs	snarf	verb:simple_present+
snarfed	snarf	verb:simple_past+
snarfed	snarf	verb:past_participle+
snarfing	snarf	verb:present_participle+
supine	supine	adjective
supine	supine	noun
supines	supine	noun:plural
sanctimonious	sanctimonious	adjective
segun	segun	adverbe
sheik	sheik	noun
sheiks	sheik	noun:plural
spunk	spunk	noun
spunk	spunk	verb:simple_present+
spunks	spunk	verb:simple_present+
spunked	spunk	verb:simple_past+
spunked	spunk	verb:past_participle+
spunking	spunk	verb:present_participle+
susurrus	susurrus	noun
solvent	solvent	noun
solvent	solvent	adjective
semaeostomeae	semaeostomeae	proper noun
scyphozoa	scyphozoa	proper noun
supermarket	supermarket	noun
skopo	skopo	noun
sola	sola	adjective
sempre	sempre	adverbe
sempre	sempre	adverbe
sodic	sodic	adjective
sabot	sabot	noun
smarm	smarm	noun
splendor	splendor	noun
suave	suave	adjective
subdue	subdue	verb:simple_present+
subdues	subdue	verb:simple_present+
subdued	subdue	verb:simple_past+
subdued	subdue	verb:past_participle+
subduing	subdue	verb:present_participle+
seedy	seedy	adjective
sledge	sledge	noun
sledge	sledge	verb:simple_present+
sledges	sledge	verb:simple_present+
sledged	sledge	verb:simple_past+
sledged	sledge	verb:past_participle+
sledging	sledge	verb:present_participle+
stretcher	stretcher	noun
shire	shire	noun
shire	shire	proper noun
sonjar	sonjar	verb:simple_present+
sonjars	sonjar	verb:simple_present+
???	sonjar	verb:simple_past+
???	sonjar	verb:past_participle+
???	sonjar	verb:present_participle+
senpolvigar	senpolvigar	verb:simple_present+
senpolvigars	senpolvigar	verb:simple_present+
???	senpolvigar	verb:simple_past+
???	senpolvigar	verb:past_participle+
???	senpolvigar	verb:present_participle+
shuteye	shuteye	noun
seanduine	seanduine	noun
seandaoine	seandaoine	noun
Selachimorpha	Selachimorpha	proper noun
seanbhean	seanbhean	noun
seanbhan	seanbhan	noun
successfully	successfully	adverbe
successor	successor	noun
stopgap	stopgap	noun
stopgap	stopgap	adjective
sousaphone	sousaphone	noun
stile	stile	noun
surmount	surmount	verb:simple_present+
surmounts	surmount	verb:simple_present+
surmounted	surmount	verb:simple_past+
surmounted	surmount	verb:past_participle+
surmounting	surmount	verb:present_participle+
stew	stew	verb:simple_present+transitive
stews	stew	verb:simple_present+transitive
stewed	stew	verb:simple_past+transitive
stewed	stew	verb:past_participle+transitive
stewing	stew	verb:present_participle+transitive
stewing	stew	verb:present_participle
stew	stew	verb:simple_present+intransitive
stews	stew	verb:simple_present+intransitive
stewed	stew	verb:simple_past+intransitive
stewed	stew	verb:past_participle+intransitive
stewing	stew	verb:present_participle+intransitive
stew	stew	noun
stews	stew	noun:plural
stew	stew	proper noun
schoolgirl	schoolgirl	noun
schoolgirls	schoolgirl	noun:plural
schoolboy	schoolboy	noun
schoolboys	schoolboy	noun:plural
suigh	suigh	verb:simple_present+
suighs	suigh	verb:simple_present+
suighed	suigh	verb:simple_past+
suighed	suigh	verb:past_participle+
suighing	suigh	verb:present_participle+
seasamh	seasamh	verb:simple_present+
seasamhs	seasamh	verb:simple_present+
seasamhed	seasamh	verb:simple_past+
seasamhed	seasamh	verb:past_participle+
seasamhing	seasamh	verb:present_participle+
shaft	shaft	noun
shaft	shaft	verb:simple_present+transitive
shafts	shaft	verb:simple_present+transitive
shafted	shaft	verb:simple_past+transitive
shafted	shaft	verb:past_participle+transitive
shafting	shaft	verb:present_participle+transitive
schoolchildren	schoolchildren	noun
shambles	shambles	noun
stool	stool	noun
stools	stool	noun:plural
somewhat	somewhat	adverbe
subordinate	subordinate	adjective
subordinate	subordinate	noun
subordinate	subordinate	verb:simple_present+transitive
subordinates	subordinate	verb:simple_present+transitive
subordinated	subordinate	verb:simple_past+transitive
subordinated	subordinate	verb:past_participle+transitive
subordinating	subordinate	verb:present_participle+transitive
subordinate	subordinate	adverbe
subservient	subservient	adjective
scripophily	scripophily	noun
significantly	significantly	adverbe
sticker	sticker	noun
sheepdog	sheepdog	noun
sempervirent	sempervirent	adjective
semper-virens	semper-virens	noun
Sempervivum	Sempervivum	proper noun
Saxifragales	Saxifragales	proper noun
sempiternal	sempiternal	adjective
sempiternity	sempiternity	noun
sighting	sighting	noun
spouting	spouting	adjective
sesh	sesh	noun
seshes	sesh	noun:plural
sociolect	sociolect	noun
sale-proof	sale-proof	adjective
shid	shid	noun
shid	shid	verb:simple_present+
shids	shid	verb:simple_present+
???	shid	verb:simple_past+
???	shid	verb:past_participle+
???	shid	verb:present_participle+
sidestep	sidestep	noun
sidestep	sidestep	verb:simple_present+transitive
sidesteps	sidestep	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	sidestep	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	sidestep	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	sidestep	verb:present_participle+transitive
sixty-nine	sixty-nine	noun
seminal	seminal	adjective
strapping	strapping	adjective
strapping	strapping	noun
specular	specular	adjective
substantial	substantial	adjective
squirm	squirm	verb:simple_present+
squirms	squirm	verb:simple_present+
squirmed	squirm	verb:simple_past+
squirmed	squirm	verb:past_participle+
squirming	squirm	verb:present_participle+
sumptuous	sumptuous	adjective
scapegrace	scapegrace	noun
scintilla	scintilla	noun
scintillas	scintilla	noun:plural
scintillant	scintillant	adjective
syncretism	syncretism	noun
scrupulous	scrupulous	adjective
shingle	shingle	noun
shingles	shingle	noun:plural
shingle	shingle	verb:simple_present+
shingles	shingle	verb:simple_present+
shingled	shingle	verb:simple_past+
shingled	shingle	verb:past_participle+
shingling	shingle	verb:present_participle+
shingles	shingles	noun
sapient	sapient	adjective
sapient	sapient	adverbe
supporter	supporter	noun
supporters	supporter	noun:plural
sinner	sinner	noun
sinners	sinner	noun:plural
scholarship	scholarship	noun
spinster	spinster	noun
surely	surely	adverbe
speechless	speechless	adjective
supervise	supervise	verb:simple_present+transitive
supervises	supervise	verb:simple_present+transitive
supervised	supervise	verb:simple_past+transitive
supervised	supervise	verb:past_participle+transitive
supervising	supervise	verb:present_participle+transitive
sub-zero	sub-zero	adjective
submit	submit	verb:simple_present+
submits	submit	verb:simple_present+
???	submit	verb:simple_past+
???	submit	verb:past_participle+
???	submit	verb:present_participle+
stannary	stannary	adjective
subitaneous	subitaneous	adjective
shemale	shemale	noun
shemales	shemale	noun:plural
soliloquy	soliloquy	noun
soliloquies	soliloquy	noun:plural
sanctity	sanctity	noun
sister-wife	sister-wife	noun
salve	salve	noun
salve	salve	verb:simple_present+
salves	salve	verb:simple_present+
salved	salve	verb:simple_past+
salved	salve	verb:past_participle+
salving	salve	verb:present_participle+
septicemia	septicemia	noun
snatches	snatches	noun
snatches	snatches	verb:simple_present+
snatchess	snatches	verb:simple_present+
???	snatches	verb:simple_past+
???	snatches	verb:past_participle+
???	snatches	verb:present_participle+
snood	snood	noun
snood	snood	verb:simple_present+transitive
snoods	snood	verb:simple_present+transitive
snooded	snood	verb:simple_past+transitive
snooded	snood	verb:past_participle+transitive
snooding	snood	verb:present_participle+transitive
snood	snood	proper noun
syllabic	syllabic	adjective
syllabic	syllabic	noun
sea-gull	sea-gull	noun
sith	sith	preposition
sith	sith	proper noun
swamped	swamped	adjective
shelve	shelve	verb:simple_present+transitive
shelves	shelve	verb:simple_present+transitive
shelved	shelve	verb:simple_past+transitive
shelved	shelve	verb:past_participle+transitive
shelving	shelve	verb:present_participle+transitive
smoldering	smoldering	adjective
stressful	stressful	adjective
strappy	strappy	adjective
stadtholder	stadtholder	noun
smirting	smirting	verb:simple_present+
smirtings	smirting	verb:simple_present+
smirtinged	smirting	verb:simple_past+
smirtinged	smirting	verb:past_participle+
smirtinging	smirting	verb:present_participle+
skilled	skilled	adjective
saved	saved	adjective
swingometer	swingometer	noun
shuffle	shuffle	noun
shuffle	shuffle	verb:simple_present+
shuffles	shuffle	verb:simple_present+
shuffled	shuffle	verb:simple_past+
shuffled	shuffle	verb:past_participle+
shuffling	shuffle	verb:present_participle+
severely	severely	adverbe
shojo	shojo	noun
shojo	shojo	adjective
septicaemic	septicaemic	adjective
smolder	smolder	verb:simple_present+intransitive
smolders	smolder	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	smolder	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	smolder	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	smolder	verb:present_participle+intransitive
silphium	silphium	noun
seconds	seconds	noun
smiling	smiling	noun
smiling	smiling	adjective
sociopath	sociopath	noun
splicing	splicing	noun
surprising	surprising	noun
surprising	surprising	adjective
stitching	stitching	noun
symposium	symposium	noun
symposia	symposium	noun:plural
sprooch	sprooch	noun
soupspoon	soupspoon	noun
soupspoons	soupspoon	noun:plural
soupspoonful	soupspoonful	noun
soupspoonfuls	soupspoonful	noun:plural
Saami	Saami	proper noun
salivate	salivate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
salivates	salivate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
salivated	salivate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
salivated	salivate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
salivating	salivate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
sextet	sextet	noun
slaughter	slaughter	noun
slaughters	slaughter	noun:plural
slaughter	slaughter	verb:simple_present+transitive
slaughters	slaughter	verb:simple_present+transitive
slaughtered	slaughter	verb:simple_past+transitive
slaughtered	slaughter	verb:past_participle+transitive
slaughtering	slaughter	verb:present_participle+transitive
slaughtering	slaughter	verb:present_participle
sentencing	sentencing	adjective
sentencing	sentencing	noun
sudoku	sudoku	noun
sudokus	sudoku	noun:plural
sodomize	sodomize	verb:simple_present+
sodomizes	sodomize	verb:simple_present+
sodomized	sodomize	verb:simple_past+
sodomized	sodomize	verb:past_participle+
sodomizing	sodomize	verb:present_participle+
slaughterous	slaughterous	adjective
slaughterer	slaughterer	noun
slaughterhouse	slaughterhouse	noun
strictly	strictly	adverbe
sunshine	sunshine	noun
sunshine	sunshine	adjective
sizeable	sizeable	adjective
sentry	sentry	noun
scrapbook	scrapbook	noun
scrapbook	scrapbook	verb:simple_present+
scrapbooks	scrapbook	verb:simple_present+
scrapbooked	scrapbook	verb:simple_past+
scrapbooked	scrapbook	verb:past_participle+
scrapbooking	scrapbook	verb:present_participle+
scramdisk	scramdisk	noun
smobo	smobo	adjective
superego	superego	noun
shuli	shuli	proper noun
suburb	suburb	noun
suburbs	suburb	noun:plural
swimsuit	swimsuit	noun
scopophilia	scopophilia	noun
scopophile	scopophile	noun
scopophiles	scopophile	noun:plural
stackable	stackable	adjective
somniferous	somniferous	adjective
searching	searching	verbal noun
searching	searching	adjective
suspicious	suspicious	adjective
scoreboard	scoreboard	noun
scelerate	scelerate	adjective
survey	survey	noun
surveys	survey	noun:plural
survey	survey	verb:simple_present+
surveys	survey	verb:simple_present+
surveyed	survey	verb:simple_past+
surveyed	survey	verb:past_participle+
surveying	survey	verb:present_participle+
surveying	survey	verb:present_participle
Stanley	Stanley	proper noun
Stewart	Stewart	proper noun
surveying	surveying	noun
sanity	sanity	noun
sank	sank	verb:simple_present+
sanks	sank	verb:simple_present+
sanked	sank	verb:simple_past+
sanked	sank	verb:past_participle+
sanking	sank	verb:present_participle+
singing	singing	noun
singing	singing	adjective
scenic	scenic	proper noun
scenic	scenic	adjective
scenery	scenery	noun
steroisomeric	steroisomeric	adjective
stereoisomerism	stereoisomerism	noun
sex-up	sex-up	noun
sexiness	sexiness	noun
steroidal	steroidal	adjective
steroid	steroid	noun
sarcastic	sarcastic	adjective
strata	strata	noun
sloping	sloping	adjective
sloping	sloping	verb:simple_present+
slopings	sloping	verb:simple_present+
slopinged	sloping	verb:simple_past+
slopinged	sloping	verb:past_participle+
slopinging	sloping	verb:present_participle+
sahar	sahar	noun
Sahara	Sahara	proper noun
secretagogue	secretagogue	noun
scanno	scanno	noun
scannos	scanno	noun:plural
sildenafil	sildenafil	noun
soothsayer	soothsayer	noun
sooty	sooty	adjective
soiled	soiled	adjective
sonnet	sonnet	noun
sonde	sonde	noun
sone	sone	noun
sonogram	sonogram	noun
superhero	superhero	noun
sweetener	sweetener	noun
sundew	sundew	noun
statistical	statistical	adjective
stuffed	stuffed	adjective
stuffed	stuffed	verb:simple_present+
stuffeds	stuffed	verb:simple_present+
???	stuffed	verb:simple_past+
???	stuffed	verb:past_participle+
???	stuffed	verb:present_participle+
spiny	spiny	adjective
synecology	synecology	noun
self-possessed	self-possessed	adjective
saturated	saturated	adjective
sterol	sterol	noun
sesquiterpene	sesquiterpene	noun
secede	secede	verb:simple_present+intransitive
secedes	secede	verb:simple_present+intransitive
seceded	secede	verb:simple_past+intransitive
seceded	secede	verb:past_participle+intransitive
seceding	secede	verb:present_participle+intransitive
singles	singles	adjective
singles	singles	noun
sample	sample	noun
samples	sample	noun:plural
sample	sample	verb:simple_present+
samples	sample	verb:simple_present+
sampled	sample	verb:simple_past+
sampled	sample	verb:past_participle+
sampling	sample	verb:present_participle+
sampling	sampling	noun
snark	snark	noun
slur	slur	noun
slur	slur	verb:simple_present+transitive
slurs	slur	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	slur	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	slur	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	slur	verb:present_participle+transitive
scroll	scroll	noun
scrolls	scroll	noun:plural
scroll	scroll	verb:simple_present+
scrolls	scroll	verb:simple_present+
scrolled	scroll	verb:simple_past+
scrolled	scroll	verb:past_participle+
scrolling	scroll	verb:present_participle+
scrolling	scroll	verb:present_participle
sahmees	sahmees	noun
seasoning	seasoning	noun
shoddy	shoddy	adjective
slipshod	slipshod	adjective
satrap	satrap	noun
salsamentarious	salsamentarious	adjective
sluggard	sluggard	noun
sonorous	sonorous	adjective
sunder	sunder	verb:simple_present+transitive
sunders	sunder	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	sunder	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	sunder	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	sunder	verb:present_participle+transitive
sunder	sunder	verb:simple_present+transitive
sunders	sunder	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	sunder	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	sunder	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	sunder	verb:present_participle+transitive
sporadic	sporadic	adjective
sacrilege	sacrilege	noun
spherical	spherical	adjective
straightedge	straightedge	adjective
straightedge	straightedge	noun
straightedges	straightedge	noun:plural
shrill	shrill	adjective
shrill	shrill	verb:simple_present+
shrills	shrill	verb:simple_present+
shrilled	shrill	verb:simple_past+
shrilled	shrill	verb:past_participle+
shrilling	shrill	verb:present_participle+
sarcology	sarcology	noun
stereoisomer	stereoisomer	noun
structural	structural	adjective
superannuated	superannuated	adjective
superannuate	superannuate	verb:simple_present+transitive
superannuates	superannuate	verb:simple_present+transitive
superannuated	superannuate	verb:simple_past+transitive
superannuated	superannuate	verb:past_participle+transitive
superannuating	superannuate	verb:present_participle+transitive
superannuate	superannuate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
superannuates	superannuate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
superannuated	superannuate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
superannuated	superannuate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
superannuating	superannuate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
supernal	supernal	adjective
supernumerary	supernumerary	noun
supernumerary	supernumerary	adjective
surcease	surcease	verb:simple_present+intransitive
surceases	surcease	verb:simple_present+intransitive
surceased	surcease	verb:simple_past+intransitive
surceased	surcease	verb:past_participle+intransitive
surceasing	surcease	verb:present_participle+intransitive
surcease	surcease	verb:simple_present+transitive
surceases	surcease	verb:simple_present+transitive
surceased	surcease	verb:simple_past+transitive
surceased	surcease	verb:past_participle+transitive
surceasing	surcease	verb:present_participle+transitive
surcease	surcease	noun
syndrome	syndrome	noun
syndromes	syndrome	noun:plural
sambuca	sambuca	noun
shimmy	shimmy	noun
shimmies	shimmy	noun:plural
shimmy	shimmy	verb:simple_present+intransitive
shimmies	shimmy	verb:simple_present+intransitive
shimmied	shimmy	verb:simple_past+intransitive
shimmied	shimmy	verb:past_participle+intransitive
shimmying	shimmy	verb:present_participle+intransitive
solar	solar	adjective
solar	solar	noun
seaworthy	seaworthy	adjective
script	script	noun
sloppy	sloppy	adjective
slop	slop	noun
slops	slop	noun:plural
slop	slop	verb:simple_present+transitive
slops	slop	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	slop	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	slop	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	slop	verb:present_participle+transitive
slopping	slop	verb:present_participle
spill	spill	verb:simple_present+transitive
spills	spill	verb:simple_present+transitive
spilled	spill	verb:simple_past+transitive
spilled	spill	verb:past_participle+transitive
spilling	spill	verb:present_participle+transitive
spill	spill	noun
spill	spill	verb:simple_present+transitive
spills	spill	verb:simple_present+transitive
spilled	spill	verb:simple_past+transitive
spilled	spill	verb:past_participle+transitive
spilling	spill	verb:present_participle+transitive
stumble	stumble	noun
stumble	stumble	verb:simple_present+intransitive
stumbles	stumble	verb:simple_present+intransitive
stumbled	stumble	verb:simple_past+intransitive
stumbled	stumble	verb:past_participle+intransitive
stumbling	stumble	verb:present_participle+intransitive
swedophone	swedophone	adjective
summit	summit	noun
scratchpad	scratchpad	noun
skillet	skillet	noun
skillet	skillet	adjective
skidaddle	skidaddle	verb:simple_present+
skidaddles	skidaddle	verb:simple_present+
skidaddled	skidaddle	verb:simple_past+
skidaddled	skidaddle	verb:past_participle+
skidaddling	skidaddle	verb:present_participle+
staphylococcus	staphylococcus	noun
surpass	surpass	verb:simple_present+
surpasss	surpass	verb:simple_present+
surpassed	surpass	verb:simple_past+
surpassed	surpass	verb:past_participle+
surpassing	surpass	verb:present_participle+
surpassing	surpass	verb:present_participle
sweater	sweater	noun
sincere	sincere	adjective
synthesize	synthesize	verb:simple_present+
synthesizes	synthesize	verb:simple_present+
synthesized	synthesize	verb:simple_past+
synthesized	synthesize	verb:past_participle+
synthesizing	synthesize	verb:present_participle+
spaceflight	spaceflight	noun
steadfastness	steadfastness	noun
steadfast	steadfast	adjective
sullied	sullied	adjective
suffuse	suffuse	verb:simple_present+transitive
suffuses	suffuse	verb:simple_present+transitive
suffused	suffuse	verb:simple_past+transitive
suffused	suffuse	verb:past_participle+transitive
suffusing	suffuse	verb:present_participle+transitive
sable	sable	noun
sables	sable	noun:plural
sable	sable	adjective
sinusoidal	sinusoidal	adjective
scary	scary	adjective
stoical	stoical	adjective
seeing	seeing	verbal noun
seeing	seeing	adjective
standoffish	standoffish	adjective
stratagem	stratagem	noun
stratagems	stratagem	noun:plural
siamese	siamese	adjective
siamese	siamese	noun
self-conscious	self-conscious	adjective
surgation	surgation	noun
stupor	stupor	noun
spectator	spectator	noun
spectator	spectator	proper noun
scouting	scouting	noun
stabilization	stabilization	noun
snirt	snirt	noun
syllabary	syllabary	noun
syllabaries	syllabary	noun:plural
starred	starred	verb:simple_present+
starreds	starred	verb:simple_present+
???	starred	verb:simple_past+
???	starred	verb:past_participle+
???	starred	verb:present_participle+
soever	soever	adjective
setup	setup	noun
setups	setup	noun:plural
smoke-free	smoke-free	adjective
skint	skint	adjective
subsonic	subsonic	adjective
supersonic	supersonic	adjective
slab	slab	noun
slab	slab	verb:simple_present+transitive
slabs	slab	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	slab	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	slab	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	slab	verb:present_participle+transitive
servitor	servitor	noun
shoestring	shoestring	noun
sideboard	sideboard	noun
sideboards	sideboard	noun:plural
sporran	sporran	noun
skitsnack	skitsnack	interjection
sure-fire	sure-fire	adjective
specialty	specialty	noun
specialties	specialty	noun:plural
sexuality	sexuality	noun
scattershot	scattershot	adjective
Silurian	Silurian	adjective
Silurian	Silurian	noun
Stennian	Stennian	adjective
Stennian	Stennian	noun
Statherian	Statherian	adjective
Statherian	Statherian	noun
Siderian	Siderian	adjective
Siderian	Siderian	noun
swart	swart	adjective
specialist	specialist	noun
solon	solon	noun
schizophrenia	schizophrenia	noun
swooping	swooping	verbal noun
swooping	swooping	adjective
shooting	shooting	verbal noun
shooting	shooting	noun
shootings	shooting	noun:plural
snooze	snooze	verb:simple_present+intransitive
snoozes	snooze	verb:simple_present+intransitive
snoozed	snooze	verb:simple_past+intransitive
snoozed	snooze	verb:past_participle+intransitive
snoozing	snooze	verb:present_participle+intransitive
snooze	snooze	noun
sexagenarian	sexagenarian	noun
sexagenarians	sexagenarian	noun:plural
sexagenarian	sexagenarian	adjective
sizzle	sizzle	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sizzles	sizzle	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sizzled	sizzle	verb:simple_past+intransitive
sizzled	sizzle	verb:past_participle+intransitive
sizzling	sizzle	verb:present_participle+intransitive
sizzle	sizzle	noun
subdomain	subdomain	noun
substring	substring	noun
sponsored	sponsored	verb:simple_present+
sponsoreds	sponsored	verb:simple_present+
???	sponsored	verb:simple_past+
???	sponsored	verb:past_participle+
???	sponsored	verb:present_participle+
swoop	swoop	verb:simple_present+intransitive
swoops	swoop	verb:simple_present+intransitive
swooped	swoop	verb:simple_past+intransitive
swooped	swoop	verb:past_participle+intransitive
swooping	swoop	verb:present_participle+intransitive
swoop	swoop	noun
subdivision	subdivision	noun
subdivisions	subdivision	noun:plural
suggestive	suggestive	adjective
sepulture	sepulture	noun
sepultures	sepulture	noun:plural
sepulcher	sepulcher	noun
sepulchers	sepulcher	noun:plural
sepulcher	sepulcher	verb:simple_present+
sepulchers	sepulcher	verb:simple_present+
???	sepulcher	verb:simple_past+
???	sepulcher	verb:past_participle+
???	sepulcher	verb:present_participle+
star-crossed	star-crossed	adjective
spearhead	spearhead	verb:simple_present+transitive
spearheads	spearhead	verb:simple_present+transitive
spearheaded	spearhead	verb:simple_past+transitive
spearheaded	spearhead	verb:past_participle+transitive
spearheading	spearhead	verb:present_participle+transitive
strategic	strategic	adjective
spermophile	spermophile	noun
sacra	sacra	noun
scudding	scudding	verbal noun
scudding	scudding	adjective
skittling	skittling	verb:simple_present+
skittlings	skittling	verb:simple_present+
skittlinged	skittling	verb:simple_past+
skittlinged	skittling	verb:past_participle+
skittlinging	skittling	verb:present_participle+
sully	sully	verb:simple_present+transitive
sullies	sully	verb:simple_present+transitive
sullied	sully	verb:simple_past+transitive
sullied	sully	verb:past_participle+transitive
sullying	sully	verb:present_participle+transitive
sullying	sully	verb:present_participle
surge	surge	noun
surge	surge	verb:simple_present+intransitive
surges	surge	verb:simple_present+intransitive
surged	surge	verb:simple_past+intransitive
surged	surge	verb:past_participle+intransitive
surging	surge	verb:present_participle+intransitive
septillionth	septillionth	adjective
septillionth	septillionth	noun
septillionths	septillionth	noun:plural
swallowtail	swallowtail	noun
Shirl	Shirl	proper noun
Shirley	Shirley	proper noun
sciagraphy	sciagraphy	noun
spodium	spodium	noun
scrunchie	scrunchie	noun
scrunchies	scrunchie	noun:plural
stronger	stronger	adjective
stillborn	stillborn	adjective
snigger	snigger	noun
sniggers	snigger	noun:plural
snigger	snigger	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sniggers	snigger	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	snigger	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	snigger	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	snigger	verb:present_participle+intransitive
shirk	shirk	verb:simple_present+transitive
shirks	shirk	verb:simple_present+transitive
shirked	shirk	verb:simple_past+transitive
shirked	shirk	verb:past_participle+transitive
shirking	shirk	verb:present_participle+transitive
shirk	shirk	noun
subtract	subtract	verb:simple_present+transitive
subtracts	subtract	verb:simple_present+transitive
subtracted	subtract	verb:simple_past+transitive
subtracted	subtract	verb:past_participle+transitive
subtracting	subtract	verb:present_participle+transitive
serb	serb	noun
serb	serb	adjective
sleepout	sleepout	noun
selatan	selatan	noun
Sunderland	Sunderland	proper noun
sibilant	sibilant	adjective
self-satisfied	self-satisfied	adjective
skitter	skitter	verb:simple_present+intransitive
skitters	skitter	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	skitter	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	skitter	verb:past_participle+intransitive
skittering	skitter	verb:present_participle+intransitive
sjit	sjit	noun
scandal	scandal	noun
stubborn	stubborn	adjective
stayed	stayed	verb:simple_present+
stayeds	stayed	verb:simple_present+
stayeded	stayed	verb:simple_past+
stayeded	stayed	verb:past_participle+
stayeding	stayed	verb:present_participle+
saints	saints	noun
saving	saving	noun
savings	saving	noun:plural
saving	saving	verb:simple_present+
savings	saving	verb:simple_present+
savinged	saving	verb:simple_past+
savinged	saving	verb:past_participle+
savinging	saving	verb:present_participle+
stages	stages	noun
stages	stages	verb:simple_present+
stagess	stages	verb:simple_present+
???	stages	verb:simple_past+
???	stages	verb:past_participle+
???	stages	verb:present_participle+
spirograph	spirograph	noun
staffs	staffs	noun
shqip	shqip	noun
stats	stats	noun
shrug	shrug	noun
shrug	shrug	verb:simple_present+intransitive
shrugs	shrug	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	shrug	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	shrug	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	shrug	verb:present_participle+intransitive
speleology	speleology	noun
snippet	snippet	noun
superhet	superhet	noun
superhets	superhet	noun:plural
swazzle	swazzle	noun
swazzles	swazzle	noun:plural
swatchel	swatchel	noun
swatchels	swatchel	noun:plural
scoober	scoober	noun
swill	swill	noun
swill	swill	verb:simple_present+
swills	swill	verb:simple_present+
swilled	swill	verb:simple_past+
swilled	swill	verb:past_participle+
swilling	swill	verb:present_participle+
subversion	subversion	noun
spambot	spambot	noun
shit-for-brains	shit-for-brains	adjective
shit-for-brains	shit-for-brains	noun
shazbot	shazbot	interjection
subfund	subfund	noun
sufficiently	sufficiently	adverbe
sociolinguistic	sociolinguistic	adjective
sociolinguistics	sociolinguistics	noun
scrape	scrape	verb:simple_present+transitive
scrapes	scrape	verb:simple_present+transitive
scraped	scrape	verb:simple_past+transitive
scraped	scrape	verb:past_participle+transitive
scraping	scrape	verb:present_participle+transitive
scrape	scrape	noun
scrapes	scrape	noun:plural
synchronize	synchronize	verb:simple_present+transitive
synchronizes	synchronize	verb:simple_present+transitive
synchronized	synchronize	verb:simple_past+transitive
synchronized	synchronize	verb:past_participle+transitive
synchronizing	synchronize	verb:present_participle+transitive
salamander	salamander	noun
salamanders	salamander	noun:plural
slava	slava	noun
Suopma	Suopma	proper noun
stabile	stabile	noun
starship	starship	noun
sidearm	sidearm	noun
sniper	sniper	noun
Starfighter	Starfighter	noun
sangha	sangha	noun
swarthy	swarthy	adjective
speakeasy	speakeasy	noun
specialize	specialize	verb:simple_present+
specializes	specialize	verb:simple_present+
specialized	specialize	verb:simple_past+
specialized	specialize	verb:past_participle+
specializing	specialize	verb:present_participle+
scourge	scourge	noun
supercell	supercell	noun
squeak	squeak	noun
squeaks	squeak	noun:plural
squeak	squeak	verb:simple_present+intransitive
squeaks	squeak	verb:simple_present+intransitive
squeaked	squeak	verb:simple_past+intransitive
squeaked	squeak	verb:past_participle+intransitive
squeaking	squeak	verb:present_participle+intransitive
squeak	squeak	verb:simple_present+transitive
squeaks	squeak	verb:simple_present+transitive
squeaked	squeak	verb:simple_past+transitive
squeaked	squeak	verb:past_participle+transitive
squeaking	squeak	verb:present_participle+transitive
sacerdotal	sacerdotal	adjective
sallow	sallow	adjective
saturnine	saturnine	adjective
satanism	satanism	noun
satanist	satanist	proper noun
sinful	sinful	adjective
solely	solely	adverbe
sorts	sorts	noun
steady	steady	adjective
serpiginous	serpiginous	adjective
submission	submission	noun
smellies	smellies	noun
stability	stability	noun
severity	severity	noun
subterranean	subterranean	adjective
safecracking	safecracking	noun
Serbia	Serbia	proper noun
scunner	scunner	verb:simple_present+
scunners	scunner	verb:simple_present+
???	scunner	verb:simple_past+
???	scunner	verb:past_participle+
???	scunner	verb:present_participle+
scunner	scunner	noun
scunner	scunner	proper noun
spastic	spastic	noun
spastic	spastic	adjective
suling	suling	noun
sedate	sedate	adjective
singulative	singulative	adjective
singulative	singulative	noun
singulatives	singulative	noun:plural
sunlight	sunlight	noun
submarium	submarium	noun
scientology	scientology	noun
sweeten	sweeten	verb:simple_present+transitive
sweetens	sweeten	verb:simple_present+transitive
sweetened	sweeten	verb:simple_past+transitive
sweetened	sweeten	verb:past_participle+transitive
sweetening	sweeten	verb:present_participle+transitive
sweetening	sweeten	verb:present_participle
sweeten	sweeten	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sweetens	sweeten	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sweetened	sweeten	verb:simple_past+intransitive
sweetened	sweeten	verb:past_participle+intransitive
sweetening	sweeten	verb:present_participle+intransitive
skydiver	skydiver	noun
scumbag	scumbag	noun
scrooge	scrooge	noun
skosh	skosh	noun
selenic	selenic	adjective
selenate	selenate	noun
seleniferous	seleniferous	adjective
selenite	selenite	noun
selenography	selenography	noun
selenosis	selenosis	noun
svenskum	svenskum	adjective
satisfactory	satisfactory	adjective
skittish	skittish	adjective
squeamish	squeamish	adjective
sili	sili	verb:simple_present+
silis	sili	verb:simple_present+
silied	sili	verb:simple_past+
silied	sili	verb:past_participle+
siliing	sili	verb:present_participle+
seashell	seashell	noun
seashell	seashell	adjective
silver-grey	silver-grey	noun
silver-grey	silver-grey	adjective
sorrel	sorrel	noun
sorrel	sorrel	adjective
stammel	stammel	noun
stammel	stammel	adjective
subfusc	subfusc	adjective
subfusc	subfusc	noun
secretariat	secretariat	noun
secretariats	secretariat	noun:plural
secretariate	secretariate	noun
secretariates	secretariate	noun:plural
secretarial	secretarial	adjective
sekreteri	sekreteri	noun
surgical	surgical	adjective
sorcerer	sorcerer	noun
soda	soda	noun
sidekick	sidekick	noun
stat	stat	adverbe
sidecar	sidecar	noun
sweetheart	sweetheart	noun
summarisation	summarisation	noun
summarisations	summarisation	noun:plural
summarization	summarization	noun
summarizations	summarization	noun:plural
stampede	stampede	noun
stampedes	stampede	noun:plural
stampede	stampede	verb:simple_present+
stampedes	stampede	verb:simple_present+
stampeded	stampede	verb:simple_past+
stampeded	stampede	verb:past_participle+
stampeding	stampede	verb:present_participle+
sair	sair	noun
saltation	saltation	noun
sliced	sliced	adjective
subcover	subcover	noun
swot	swot	verb:simple_present+intransitive
swots	swot	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	swot	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	swot	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	swot	verb:present_participle+intransitive
swot	swot	verb:simple_present+transitive
swots	swot	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	swot	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	swot	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	swot	verb:present_participle+transitive
swot	swot	noun
scramble	scramble	verb:simple_present+
scrambles	scramble	verb:simple_present+
scrambled	scramble	verb:simple_past+
scrambled	scramble	verb:past_participle+
scrambling	scramble	verb:present_participle+
scramble	scramble	noun
stonewall	stonewall	noun
stonewall	stonewall	verb:simple_present+
stonewalls	stonewall	verb:simple_present+
stonewalled	stonewall	verb:simple_past+
stonewalled	stonewall	verb:past_participle+
stonewalling	stonewall	verb:present_participle+
Sarere	Sarere	proper noun
sande	sande	noun
sande	sande	verb:simple_present+
sandes	sande	verb:simple_present+
sanded	sande	verb:simple_past+
sanded	sande	verb:past_participle+
sanding	sande	verb:present_participle+
songwriter	songwriter	noun
separately	separately	adverbe
shot-glass	shot-glass	noun
soar	soar	verb:simple_present+intransitive
soars	soar	verb:simple_present+intransitive
soared	soar	verb:simple_past+intransitive
soared	soar	verb:past_participle+intransitive
soaring	soar	verb:present_participle+intransitive
soar	soar	noun
serpentine	serpentine	adjective
serpentine	serpentine	noun
serpentine	serpentine	proper noun
sinuous	sinuous	adjective
supplely	supplely	adverbe
scammer	scammer	noun
supple	supple	adjective
swindler	swindler	noun
swindle	swindle	verb:simple_present+
swindles	swindle	verb:simple_present+
swindled	swindle	verb:simple_past+
swindled	swindle	verb:past_participle+
swindling	swindle	verb:present_participle+
swindle	swindle	noun
salacious	salacious	adjective
sternum	sternum	noun
sternums	sternum	noun:plural
squadron	squadron	noun
serendipitous	serendipitous	adjective
serendipitously	serendipitously	adverbe
snuffle	snuffle	verb:simple_present+intransitive
snuffles	snuffle	verb:simple_present+intransitive
snuffled	snuffle	verb:simple_past+intransitive
snuffled	snuffle	verb:past_participle+intransitive
snuffling	snuffle	verb:present_participle+intransitive
starfuck	starfuck	verb:simple_present+
starfucks	starfuck	verb:simple_present+
starfucked	starfuck	verb:simple_past+
starfucked	starfuck	verb:past_participle+
starfucking	starfuck	verb:present_participle+
skillion	skillion	noun
storied	storied	adjective
sexpot	sexpot	noun
suet	suet	noun
stapes	stapes	noun
sulfonate	sulfonate	noun
surfactant	surfactant	noun
surface-active	surface-active	adjective
stinky	stinky	adjective
salute	salute	noun
salute	salute	verb:simple_present+transitive
salutes	salute	verb:simple_present+transitive
saluted	salute	verb:simple_past+transitive
saluted	salute	verb:past_participle+transitive
saluting	salute	verb:present_participle+transitive
Saffron	Saffron	proper noun
Sagittarius	Sagittarius	proper noun
Said	Said	proper noun
Sal	Sal	proper noun
Salina	Salina	proper noun
Sally	Sally	proper noun
Sande	Sande	proper noun
Sandy	Sandy	proper noun
Sapphire	Sapphire	proper noun
Scorpius	Scorpius	proper noun
Scrabble	Scrabble	proper noun
Sean	Sean	proper noun
Seine	Seine	proper noun
Set	Set	proper noun
Shanghai	Shanghai	proper noun
Shredder	Shredder	proper noun
Shrek	Shrek	proper noun
Si	Si	proper noun
Simba	Simba	proper noun
Slav	Slav	noun
Slough	Slough	proper noun
Smith	Smith	proper noun
Sol	Sol	noun
Sols	Sol	noun:plural
Sol	Sol	proper noun
Spa	Spa	proper noun
Spam	Spam	proper noun
Spirograph	Spirograph	proper noun
Split	Split	proper noun
Stew	Stew	proper noun
Stew	Stew	noun
Stew	Stew	verb:simple_present+
Stews	Stew	verb:simple_present+
???	Stew	verb:simple_past+
???	Stew	verb:past_participle+
???	Stew	verb:present_participle+
Steward	Steward	proper noun
Stig	Stig	noun
Strand	Strand	proper noun
Sue	Sue	proper noun
Swede	Swede	proper noun
Swedophone	Swedophone	proper noun
spirituality	spirituality	noun
shuck	shuck	noun
shuck	shuck	verb:simple_present+transitive
shucks	shuck	verb:simple_present+transitive
shucked	shuck	verb:simple_past+transitive
shucked	shuck	verb:past_participle+transitive
shucking	shuck	verb:present_participle+transitive
snowglobe	snowglobe	noun
scrummy	scrummy	adjective
scrummy	scrummy	noun
satirical	satirical	adjective
spacy	spacy	adjective
scaphoid	scaphoid	adjective
scaphoid	scaphoid	noun
surrey	surrey	noun
Sharon	Sharon	proper noun
Sharons	Sharon	proper noun:plural
scapula	scapula	noun
scapulas	scapula	noun:plural
Suzy	Suzy	proper noun
syntactic	syntactic	adjective
sift	sift	verb:simple_present+
sifts	sift	verb:simple_present+
sifted	sift	verb:simple_past+
sifted	sift	verb:past_participle+
sifting	sift	verb:present_participle+
satsuma	satsuma	noun
satsumas	satsuma	noun:plural
sphenoid	sphenoid	adjective
sphenoid	sphenoid	noun
sacrum	sacrum	noun
sacrums	sacrum	noun:plural
sacral	sacral	adjective
shinbone	shinbone	noun
shinbones	shinbone	noun:plural
sideline	sideline	noun
sideline	sideline	verb:simple_present+transitive
sidelines	sideline	verb:simple_present+transitive
sidelined	sideline	verb:simple_past+transitive
sidelined	sideline	verb:past_participle+transitive
sidelining	sideline	verb:present_participle+transitive
sincerely	sincerely	adverbe
sinamay	sinamay	noun
sneck-bend	sneck-bend	noun
sneck	sneck	noun
sneck	sneck	verb:simple_present+
snecks	sneck	verb:simple_present+
snecked	sneck	verb:simple_past+
snecked	sneck	verb:past_participle+
snecking	sneck	verb:present_participle+
sneck	sneck	verb:simple_present+
snecks	sneck	verb:simple_present+
snecked	sneck	verb:simple_past+
snecked	sneck	verb:past_participle+
snecking	sneck	verb:present_participle+
sneck	sneck	noun
squits	squits	noun
supervolcano	supervolcano	noun
shreddies	shreddies	noun
Samaritan	Samaritan	proper noun
Samaritans	Samaritan	proper noun:plural
samaritan	samaritan	noun
Samaria	Samaria	proper noun
single-valued	single-valued	adjective
sardine	sardine	noun
sulfite	sulfite	noun
seneschal	seneschal	noun
shuttlecock	shuttlecock	noun
shuttlecocks	shuttlecock	noun:plural
stewed	stewed	adjective
shardex	shardex	noun
seminar	seminar	noun
sesamoid	sesamoid	adjective
sesamoid	sesamoid	noun
sororicide	sororicide	noun
Seattle	Seattle	proper noun
somnolent	somnolent	adjective
splanchnology	splanchnology	noun
spellbound	spellbound	adjective
settler	settler	noun
supracellular	supracellular	adjective
serous	serous	adjective
smoot	smoot	noun
smoots	smoot	noun:plural
standee	standee	noun
solicit	solicit	verb:simple_present+
solicits	solicit	verb:simple_present+
???	solicit	verb:simple_past+
???	solicit	verb:past_participle+
???	solicit	verb:present_participle+
supramental	supramental	adjective
Samantha	Samantha	proper noun
sated	sated	adjective
spermatogenesis	spermatogenesis	noun
scoop	scoop	noun
scoop	scoop	verb:simple_present+transitive
scoops	scoop	verb:simple_present+transitive
scooped	scoop	verb:simple_past+transitive
scooped	scoop	verb:past_participle+transitive
scooping	scoop	verb:present_participle+transitive
swizzle	swizzle	verb:simple_present+
swizzles	swizzle	verb:simple_present+
swizzled	swizzle	verb:simple_past+
swizzled	swizzle	verb:past_participle+
swizzling	swizzle	verb:present_participle+
south-eastern	south-eastern	adjective
south-western	south-western	adjective
spamvertising	spamvertising	noun
snapshot	snapshot	noun
sulfate	sulfate	noun
snaggletoothed	snaggletoothed	adjective
space-time	space-time	noun
schwick	schwick	verb:simple_present+
schwicks	schwick	verb:simple_present+
schwicked	schwick	verb:simple_past+
schwicked	schwick	verb:past_participle+
schwicking	schwick	verb:present_participle+
Styx	Styx	proper noun
stalwart	stalwart	adjective
stalwart	stalwart	noun
spermicidal	spermicidal	adjective
spanker	spanker	noun
subwoofer	subwoofer	noun
staple	staple	noun
staple	staple	verb:simple_present+transitive
staples	staple	verb:simple_present+transitive
stapled	staple	verb:simple_past+transitive
stapled	staple	verb:past_participle+transitive
stapling	staple	verb:present_participle+transitive
spirited	spirited	adjective
savory	savory	noun
signify	signify	verb:simple_present+
signifies	signify	verb:simple_present+
signified	signify	verb:simple_past+
signified	signify	verb:past_participle+
signifying	signify	verb:present_participle+
seastar	seastar	noun
schrankschande	schrankschande	noun
sepharose	sepharose	noun
Sunni	Sunni	noun
Shiite	Shiite	noun
Shiite	Shiite	adjective
Sufi	Sufi	noun
Sufism	Sufism	noun
squib	squib	noun
Sunna	Sunna	noun
shitty	shitty	adjective
spontaneity	spontaneity	noun
systematic	systematic	adjective
same-sex	same-sex	adjective
Safar	Safar	noun
Shawwal	Shawwal	noun
shahada	shahada	noun
singleton	singleton	noun
singletons	singleton	noun:plural
Safavid	Safavid	proper noun
sakina	sakina	noun
salat	salat	noun
saum	saum	noun
Sayyid	Sayyid	noun
sira	sira	noun
siras	sira	noun:plural
suhur	suhur	noun
sura	sura	noun
Swansea	Swansea	proper noun
storehouse	storehouse	noun
storehouses	storehouse	noun:plural
shebang	shebang	noun
swottiness	swottiness	noun
swotty	swotty	adjective
sunblock	sunblock	noun
sunscreen	sunscreen	noun
secondhand	secondhand	adjective
secondhand	secondhand	adverbe
seachanger	seachanger	noun
seachange	seachange	noun
symbiotic	symbiotic	adjective
superfecundation	superfecundation	noun
securely	securely	adverbe
squiggle	squiggle	noun
squiggle	squiggle	verb:simple_present+
squiggles	squiggle	verb:simple_present+
squiggled	squiggle	verb:simple_past+
squiggled	squiggle	verb:past_participle+
squiggling	squiggle	verb:present_participle+
Scombridae	Scombridae	proper noun
Scomber	Scomber	proper noun
sentimental	sentimental	adjective
snowplough	snowplough	noun
snowploughs	snowplough	noun:plural
switcheroo	switcheroo	noun
sulky	sulky	adjective
schnozzle	schnozzle	noun
schnozzles	schnozzle	noun:plural
scramjet	scramjet	noun
smoked	smoked	adjective
smoking	smoking	verbal noun
swelling	swelling	noun
shining	shining	adjective
shiksa	shiksa	noun
semordnilap	semordnilap	noun
semordnilaps	semordnilap	noun:plural
smartass	smartass	noun
smartasses	smartass	noun:plural
stocktaking	stocktaking	noun
synaeresis	synaeresis	noun
senescence	senescence	noun
senescent	senescent	adjective
scatology	scatology	noun
sat.	sat.	noun
serotonin	serotonin	noun
semidocumentary	semidocumentary	noun
semidocumentary	semidocumentary	adjective
Sam.	Sam.	proper noun
Sam.s	Sam.	proper noun:plural
Syllepsis	Syllepsis	noun
stip.	stip.	noun
shenanigan	shenanigan	noun
salutation	salutation	noun
sportscast	sportscast	noun
sportscaster	sportscaster	noun
sinus	sinus	noun
sinuses	sinus	noun:plural
Stuart	Stuart	proper noun
semi-automatic	semi-automatic	adjective
semi-automatic	semi-automatic	noun
sebum	sebum	noun
shadowbox	shadowbox	noun
shadowbox	shadowbox	verb:simple_present+
shadowboxs	shadowbox	verb:simple_present+
???	shadowbox	verb:simple_past+
???	shadowbox	verb:past_participle+
???	shadowbox	verb:present_participle+
shadowgraph	shadowgraph	noun
stanchion	stanchion	noun
stanchion	stanchion	verb:simple_present+
stanchions	stanchion	verb:simple_present+
stanchioned	stanchion	verb:simple_past+
stanchioned	stanchion	verb:past_participle+
stanchioning	stanchion	verb:present_participle+
seaway	seaway	noun
sprote	sprote	adjective
smorat	smorat	noun
soc.	soc.	noun
soc.	soc.	verb:simple_present+
soc.s	soc.	verb:simple_present+
soc.ed	soc.	verb:simple_past+
soc.ed	soc.	verb:past_participle+
soc.ing	soc.	verb:present_participle+
syndicate	syndicate	noun
syndicate	syndicate	verb:simple_present+
syndicates	syndicate	verb:simple_present+
syndicated	syndicate	verb:simple_past+
syndicated	syndicate	verb:past_participle+
syndicating	syndicate	verb:present_participle+
Sudeten	Sudeten	proper noun
seemed	seemed	verb:simple_present+
seemeds	seemed	verb:simple_present+
???	seemed	verb:simple_past+
???	seemed	verb:past_participle+
???	seemed	verb:present_participle+
seems	seems	verb:simple_present+
seemss	seems	verb:simple_present+
seemsed	seems	verb:simple_past+
seemsed	seems	verb:past_participle+
seemsing	seems	verb:present_participle+
seabird	seabird	noun
smiled	smiled	verb:simple_present+
smileds	smiled	verb:simple_present+
???	smiled	verb:simple_past+
???	smiled	verb:past_participle+
???	smiled	verb:present_participle+
souterrian	souterrian	noun
Sudetenland	Sudetenland	proper noun
scurvy	scurvy	noun
scurvies	scurvy	noun:plural
scurvy	scurvy	adjective
sputum	sputum	noun
scarcely	scarcely	adverbe
simper	simper	verb:simple_present+
simpers	simper	verb:simple_present+
???	simper	verb:simple_past+
???	simper	verb:past_participle+
???	simper	verb:present_participle+
simper	simper	noun
slaves	slaves	noun
spritz	spritz	noun
spritz	spritz	verb:simple_present+
spritzs	spritz	verb:simple_present+
spritzed	spritz	verb:simple_past+
spritzed	spritz	verb:past_participle+
spritzing	spritz	verb:present_participle+
servants	servants	noun
stripper	stripper	noun
stigting	stigting	noun
spritzer	spritzer	noun
shroff	shroff	noun
sacrilegious	sacrilegious	adjective
scientifically	scientifically	adjective
stabilize	stabilize	verb:simple_present+
stabilizes	stabilize	verb:simple_present+
stabilized	stabilize	verb:simple_past+
stabilized	stabilize	verb:past_participle+
stabilizing	stabilize	verb:present_participle+
skanky	skanky	adjective
sympathetic	sympathetic	adjective
skildir	skildir	noun
scattered	scattered	verb:simple_present+
scattereds	scattered	verb:simple_present+
???	scattered	verb:simple_past+
???	scattered	verb:past_participle+
???	scattered	verb:present_participle+
shoulders	shoulders	noun
sentiment	sentiment	noun
souls	souls	noun
stepped	stepped	verb:simple_present+
steppeds	stepped	verb:simple_present+
???	stepped	verb:simple_past+
???	stepped	verb:past_participle+
???	stepped	verb:present_participle+
scanlate	scanlate	verb:simple_present+
scanlates	scanlate	verb:simple_present+
scanlated	scanlate	verb:simple_past+
scanlated	scanlate	verb:past_participle+
scanlating	scanlate	verb:present_participle+
seriously	seriously	adverbe
steadily	steadily	adverbe
strangely	strangely	adverbe
sweetie	sweetie	noun
seriousness	seriousness	noun
secured	secured	verb:simple_present+
secureds	secured	verb:simple_present+
???	secured	verb:simple_past+
???	secured	verb:past_participle+
???	secured	verb:present_participle+
securer	securer	adjective
securest	securest	adjective
sprightly	sprightly	adjective
sprightly	sprightly	adverbe
signage	signage	noun
supplement	supplement	noun
supplement	supplement	verb:simple_present+transitive
supplements	supplement	verb:simple_present+transitive
supplemented	supplement	verb:simple_past+transitive
supplemented	supplement	verb:past_participle+transitive
supplementing	supplement	verb:present_participle+transitive
sphincter	sphincter	noun
sphincters	sphincter	noun:plural
sext	sext	noun
styli	styli	noun
smock	smock	noun
smock	smock	adjective
smock	smock	verb:simple_present+transitive
smocks	smock	verb:simple_present+transitive
smocked	smock	verb:simple_past+transitive
smocked	smock	verb:past_participle+transitive
smocking	smock	verb:present_participle+transitive
smocking	smock	verb:present_participle
Scarlem	Scarlem	proper noun
square-rigged	square-rigged	adjective
square-rigger	square-rigger	noun
superset	superset	noun
supersets	superset	noun:plural
sudor	sudor	noun
sudate	sudate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sudates	sudate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sudated	sudate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
sudated	sudate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
sudating	sudate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
sensitivity	sensitivity	noun
specificity	specificity	noun
suicidology	suicidology	noun
sci.	sci.	noun
sthenolagnia	sthenolagnia	noun
subsolar	subsolar	adjective
subsolar	subsolar	noun
stipule	stipule	noun
sojourner	sojourner	noun
storing	storing	verb:simple_present+
storings	storing	verb:simple_present+
storinged	storing	verb:simple_past+
storinged	storing	verb:past_participle+
storinging	storing	verb:present_participle+
Sahel	Sahel	proper noun
seller	seller	noun
sellers	seller	noun:plural
sinusitis	sinusitis	noun
smoothness	smoothness	noun
Sumatra	Sumatra	proper noun
softness	softness	noun
scallion	scallion	noun
self-induction	self-induction	noun
sphericon	sphericon	noun
sphericons	sphericon	noun:plural
scrote	scrote	noun
spherocyte	spherocyte	noun
shouted	shouted	verb:simple_present+
shouteds	shouted	verb:simple_present+
???	shouted	verb:simple_past+
???	shouted	verb:past_participle+
???	shouted	verb:present_participle+
stared	stared	verb:simple_present+
stareds	stared	verb:simple_present+
???	stared	verb:simple_past+
???	stared	verb:past_participle+
???	stared	verb:present_participle+
slipped	slipped	verb:simple_present+
slippeds	slipped	verb:simple_present+
???	slipped	verb:simple_past+
???	slipped	verb:past_participle+
???	slipped	verb:present_participle+
sailed	sailed	verb:simple_present+
saileds	sailed	verb:simple_present+
???	sailed	verb:simple_past+
???	sailed	verb:past_participle+
???	sailed	verb:present_participle+
supplied	supplied	verb:simple_present+
supplieds	supplied	verb:simple_present+
supplieded	supplied	verb:simple_past+
supplieded	supplied	verb:past_participle+
supplieding	supplied	verb:present_participle+
startled	startled	verb:simple_present+
startleds	startled	verb:simple_present+
???	startled	verb:simple_past+
???	startled	verb:past_participle+
???	startled	verb:present_participle+
summoned	summoned	verb:simple_present+
summoneds	summoned	verb:simple_present+
???	summoned	verb:simple_past+
???	summoned	verb:past_participle+
???	summoned	verb:present_participle+
stirred	stirred	verb:simple_present+
stirreds	stirred	verb:simple_present+
???	stirred	verb:simple_past+
???	stirred	verb:past_participle+
???	stirred	verb:present_participle+
searched	searched	verb:simple_present+
searcheds	searched	verb:simple_present+
???	searched	verb:simple_past+
???	searched	verb:past_participle+
???	searched	verb:present_participle+
sighed	sighed	verb:simple_present+
sigheds	sighed	verb:simple_present+
???	sighed	verb:simple_past+
???	sighed	verb:past_participle+
???	sighed	verb:present_participle+
shalt	shalt	verb:simple_present+
shalts	shalt	verb:simple_present+
shalted	shalt	verb:simple_past+
shalted	shalt	verb:past_participle+
shalting	shalt	verb:present_participle+
sidenote	sidenote	noun
swishy	swishy	adjective
swishing	swishing	verb:simple_present+intransitive
swishings	swishing	verb:simple_present+intransitive
swishinged	swishing	verb:simple_past+intransitive
swishinged	swishing	verb:past_participle+intransitive
swishinging	swishing	verb:present_participle+intransitive
saddle	saddle	noun
stately	stately	adverbe
stairs	stairs	noun
softly	softly	adverbe
slightest	slightest	adjective
shadows	shadows	noun
stair	stair	noun
stairs	stair	noun:plural
sentiments	sentiments	noun
suns	suns	noun
suns	suns	noun
shovel-nosed	shovel-nosed	adjective
stepdame	stepdame	noun
systolic	systolic	adjective
shola	shola	noun
shman	shman	noun
scarfatura	scarfatura	noun
slugfest	slugfest	noun
sawbuck	sawbuck	noun
stoolie	stoolie	noun
stoolies	stoolie	noun:plural
shamus	shamus	noun
spermatozoon	spermatozoon	noun
set-theoretical	set-theoretical	adjective
spermatocyte	spermatocyte	noun
spermatocytes	spermatocyte	noun:plural
shaving	shaving	noun
squander	squander	verb:simple_present+
squanders	squander	verb:simple_present+
squandered	squander	verb:simple_past+
squandered	squander	verb:past_participle+
squandering	squander	verb:present_participle+
squandering	squander	verb:present_participle
shard	shard	noun
sunk	sunk	verb:simple_present+
sunks	sunk	verb:simple_present+
sunked	sunk	verb:simple_past+
sunked	sunk	verb:past_participle+
sunking	sunk	verb:present_participle+
shaking	shaking	verb:simple_present+
shakings	shaking	verb:simple_present+
shakinged	shaking	verb:simple_past+
shakinged	shaking	verb:past_participle+
shakinging	shaking	verb:present_participle+
safely	safely	adverbe
simplicity	simplicity	adjective
somehow	somehow	adverbe
spooky	spooky	adjective
slider	slider	noun
sliders	slider	noun:plural
sashay	sashay	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sashays	sashay	verb:simple_present+intransitive
sashayed	sashay	verb:simple_past+intransitive
sashayed	sashay	verb:past_participle+intransitive
sashaying	sashay	verb:present_participle+intransitive
sashay	sashay	noun
spinning	spinning	noun
spinning	spinning	adjective
socioeconomic	socioeconomic	adjective
skittles	skittles	noun
skittle	skittle	noun
skittle	skittle	verb:simple_present+intransitive
skittles	skittle	verb:simple_present+intransitive
skittled	skittle	verb:simple_past+intransitive
skittled	skittle	verb:past_participle+intransitive
skittling	skittle	verb:present_participle+intransitive
silently	silently	adverbe
sidespin	sidespin	noun
sharpness	sharpness	noun
Sharpness	Sharpness	proper noun
sinker	sinker	noun
strikeout	strikeout	noun
strikeouts	strikeout	noun:plural
sari	sari	noun
swingbeat	swingbeat	noun
Sheandra	Sheandra	proper noun
spinal	spinal	adjective
striptease	striptease	noun
southernmost	southernmost	adjective
studious	studious	adjective
shabrack	shabrack	noun
spansule	spansule	noun
sneakernet	sneakernet	noun
sneaker	sneaker	noun
shtup	shtup	noun
shakedown	shakedown	verb:simple_present+
shakedowns	shakedown	verb:simple_present+
shakedowned	shakedown	verb:simple_past+
shakedowned	shakedown	verb:past_participle+
shakedowning	shakedown	verb:present_participle+
shakedown	shakedown	noun
shakedown	shakedown	adjective
self-conjugate	self-conjugate	adjective
stiver	stiver	noun
sorted	sorted	adjective
sorted	sorted	interjection
sorted	sorted	verb:simple_present+
sorteds	sorted	verb:simple_present+
???	sorted	verb:simple_past+
???	sorted	verb:past_participle+
???	sorted	verb:present_participle+
sidesplitting	sidesplitting	adjective
subminiature	subminiature	adjective
sensimilla	sensimilla	noun
spacewalk	spacewalk	noun
sagacity	sagacity	noun
squall	squall	noun
squall	squall	verb:simple_present+
squalls	squall	verb:simple_present+
squalled	squall	verb:simple_past+
squalled	squall	verb:past_participle+
squalling	squall	verb:present_participle+
squalling	squall	verb:present_participle
sclerotise	sclerotise	verb:simple_present+
sclerotises	sclerotise	verb:simple_present+
sclerotised	sclerotise	verb:simple_past+
sclerotised	sclerotise	verb:past_participle+
sclerotising	sclerotise	verb:present_participle+
spore	spore	noun
spectral	spectral	adjective
speechwriter	speechwriter	noun
sesquiennial	sesquiennial	adjective
synonymous	synonymous	adjective
Stephanie	Stephanie	proper noun
spazzacamino	spazzacamino	noun
setoid	setoid	noun
setoids	setoid	noun:plural
sociable	sociable	adjective
surcingle	surcingle	noun
surcingles	surcingle	noun:plural
snaffle	snaffle	noun
slump	slump	verb:simple_present+intransitive
slumps	slump	verb:simple_present+intransitive
slumped	slump	verb:simple_past+intransitive
slumped	slump	verb:past_participle+intransitive
slumping	slump	verb:present_participle+intransitive
slump	slump	noun
stalker	stalker	noun
sprinkle	sprinkle	verb:simple_present+transitive
sprinkles	sprinkle	verb:simple_present+transitive
sprinkled	sprinkle	verb:simple_past+transitive
sprinkled	sprinkle	verb:past_participle+transitive
sprinkling	sprinkle	verb:present_participle+transitive
sprinkle	sprinkle	noun
sprinkles	sprinkle	noun:plural
striker	striker	noun
skateboard	skateboard	noun
stanza	stanza	noun
stanzas	stanza	noun:plural
solidus	solidus	noun
scrubs	scrubs	noun
sadness	sadness	noun
sadnesses	sadness	noun:plural
shortstop	shortstop	noun
shortstops	shortstop	noun:plural
shinny	shinny	verb:simple_present+
shinnies	shinny	verb:simple_present+
shinnied	shinny	verb:simple_past+
shinnied	shinny	verb:past_participle+
shinnying	shinny	verb:present_participle+
shinny	shinny	noun
Schleier	Schleier	noun
sacofricosis	sacofricosis	noun
sang-froid	sang-froid	noun
strident	strident	adjective
sweetness	sweetness	noun
scorned	scorned	adjective
scorned	scorned	verb:simple_present+
scorneds	scorned	verb:simple_present+
???	scorned	verb:simple_past+
???	scorned	verb:past_participle+
???	scorned	verb:present_participle+
supplying	supplying	verb:simple_present+
supplyings	supplying	verb:simple_present+
supplyinged	supplying	verb:simple_past+
supplyinged	supplying	verb:past_participle+
supplyinging	supplying	verb:present_participle+
shmexy	shmexy	adjective
successive	successive	adjective
slaw	slaw	noun
seisin	seisin	noun
seacoast	seacoast	noun
seashore	seashore	noun
smokefall	smokefall	noun
Shema	Shema	noun
Stalinism	Stalinism	noun
sciatica	sciatica	noun
slumgullion	slumgullion	noun
shallot	shallot	noun
shrivel	shrivel	verb:simple_present+intransitive
shrivels	shrivel	verb:simple_present+intransitive
shriveled	shrivel	verb:simple_past+intransitive
shriveled	shrivel	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	shrivel	verb:present_participle+intransitive
stagnant	stagnant	adjective
subtrahend	subtrahend	noun
subtrahends	subtrahend	noun:plural
semi-norm	semi-norm	noun
semi-norms	semi-norm	noun:plural
synchrotron	synchrotron	noun
severalty	severalty	noun
satirically	satirically	adverbe
satiric	satiric	adjective
scoped	scoped	verb:simple_present+
scopeds	scoped	verb:simple_present+
???	scoped	verb:simple_past+
???	scoped	verb:past_participle+
???	scoped	verb:present_participle+
scraped	scraped	verb:simple_present+
scrapeds	scraped	verb:simple_present+
???	scraped	verb:simple_past+
???	scraped	verb:past_participle+
???	scraped	verb:present_participle+
scrapped	scrapped	verb:simple_present+
scrappeds	scrapped	verb:simple_present+
???	scrapped	verb:simple_past+
???	scrapped	verb:past_participle+
???	scrapped	verb:present_participle+
seasoned	seasoned	verb:simple_present+
seasoneds	seasoned	verb:simple_present+
???	seasoned	verb:simple_past+
???	seasoned	verb:past_participle+
???	seasoned	verb:present_participle+
supercontinent	supercontinent	noun
scared	scared	verb:simple_present+
scareds	scared	verb:simple_present+
???	scared	verb:simple_past+
???	scared	verb:past_participle+
???	scared	verb:present_participle+
scarred	scarred	verb:simple_present+
scarreds	scarred	verb:simple_present+
???	scarred	verb:simple_past+
???	scarred	verb:past_participle+
???	scarred	verb:present_participle+
sclera	sclera	noun
scleras	sclera	noun:plural
sprawl	sprawl	verb:simple_present+
sprawls	sprawl	verb:simple_present+
sprawled	sprawl	verb:simple_past+
sprawled	sprawl	verb:past_participle+
sprawling	sprawl	verb:present_participle+
sprawl	sprawl	noun
senses	senses	noun
steaming	steaming	noun
steaming	steaming	adjective
sozzled	sozzled	adjective
serrated	serrated	adjective
slattern	slattern	noun
slatternly	slatternly	adverbe
shortie	shortie	noun
shorties	shortie	noun:plural
shortie	shortie	adjective
swat	swat	verb:simple_present+
swats	swat	verb:simple_present+
???	swat	verb:simple_past+
???	swat	verb:past_participle+
???	swat	verb:present_participle+
sensory	sensory	adjective
scacan	scacan	verb:simple_present+intransitive
scacans	scacan	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	scacan	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	scacan	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	scacan	verb:present_participle+intransitive
scacan	scacan	verb:simple_present+transitive
scacans	scacan	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	scacan	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	scacan	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	scacan	verb:present_participle+transitive
Synapsida	Synapsida	proper noun
summed	summed	verb:simple_present+
summeds	summed	verb:simple_present+
???	summed	verb:simple_past+
???	summed	verb:past_participle+
???	summed	verb:present_participle+
surgeons	surgeons	noun
some	some	determiner
some	some	determiner
some	some	determiner
some	some	determiner
