nonsense	nonsense	noun
nonsense	nonsense	verb:simple_present+
nonsenses	nonsense	verb:simple_present+
nonsensed	nonsense	verb:simple_past+
nonsensed	nonsense	verb:past_participle+
nonsensing	nonsense	verb:present_participle+
November	November	noun
noun	noun	noun
nouns	noun	noun:plural
name	name	noun
names	name	noun:plural
name	name	verb:simple_present+transitive
names	name	verb:simple_present+transitive
named	name	verb:simple_past+transitive
named	name	verb:past_participle+transitive
naming	name	verb:present_participle+transitive
nu	nu	noun
nu	nu	interjection
nu	nu	interjection
number	number	noun
numbers	number	noun:plural
number	number	verb:simple_present+transitive
numbers	number	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	number	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	number	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	number	verb:present_participle+transitive
number	number	verb:simple_present+intransitive
numbers	number	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	number	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	number	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	number	verb:present_participle+intransitive
number	number	adjective
numeral	numeral	noun
numerals	numeral	noun:plural
numeral	numeral	adjective
numeral	numeral	noun
nigger	nigger	noun
niggers	nigger	noun:plural
Netherlands	Netherlands	proper noun
Netherlands	Netherlands	adjective
nullify	nullify	verb:simple_present+
nullifies	nullify	verb:simple_present+
nullified	nullify	verb:simple_past+
nullified	nullify	verb:past_participle+
nullifying	nullify	verb:present_participle+
nullifying	nullify	verb:present_participle
Norway	Norway	proper noun
now	now	adverbe
nanosecond	nanosecond	noun
necar	necar	verb:simple_present+
necars	necar	verb:simple_present+
???	necar	verb:simple_past+
???	necar	verb:past_participle+
???	necar	verb:present_participle+
new	new	adjective
Namibia	Namibia	proper noun
Niger	Niger	proper noun
Nigeria	Nigeria	proper noun
Nicaragua	Nicaragua	proper noun
Nepal	Nepal	proper noun
Nauru	Nauru	proper noun
Niue	Niue	proper noun
night	night	noun
nights	night	noun:plural
neologisms	neologisms	noun
next	next	adjective
next	next	adverbe
next	next	preposition
next	next	noun
nuisance	nuisance	noun
NASDAQ	NASDAQ	proper noun
ninth	ninth	adjective
ninth	ninth	noun
noon	noon	noun
nickel	nickel	noun
nickels	nickel	noun:plural
nature	nature	noun
naff	naff	adjective
nominative	nominative	adjective
nominative	nominative	noun
neuter	neuter	adjective
neuter	neuter	noun
neuter	neuter	verb:simple_present+
neuters	neuter	verb:simple_present+
neutered	neuter	verb:simple_past+
neutered	neuter	verb:past_participle+
neutering	neuter	verb:present_participle+
neutering	neuter	verb:present_participle
north	north	noun
north	north	adjective
nephew	nephew	noun
niece	niece	noun
non	non	adjective
non	non	noun
non	non	adverbe
non	non	adverbe
not	not	adverbe
not	not	conjonction
not	not	interjection
not	not	noun
Norwegian	Norwegian	noun
Norwegian	Norwegian	adjective
navy	navy	noun
navy	navy	adjective
nose	nose	noun
nose	nose	verb:simple_present+intransitive
noses	nose	verb:simple_present+intransitive
nosed	nose	verb:simple_past+intransitive
nosed	nose	verb:past_participle+intransitive
nosing	nose	verb:present_participle+intransitive
neck	neck	noun
necks	neck	noun:plural
neck	neck	verb:simple_present+
necks	neck	verb:simple_present+
necked	neck	verb:simple_past+
necked	neck	verb:past_participle+
necking	neck	verb:present_participle+
Newfoundland	Newfoundland	proper noun
Nunavut	Nunavut	proper noun
Nunavut	Nunavut	proper noun
Nagaland	Nagaland	proper noun
nudnik	nudnik	noun
natal	natal	adjective
nada	nada	noun
nurse	nurse	noun
nurse	nurse	verb:simple_present+
nurses	nurse	verb:simple_present+
nursed	nurse	verb:simple_past+
nursed	nurse	verb:past_participle+
nursing	nurse	verb:present_participle+
nationality	nationality	noun
natter	natter	adjective
neologism	neologism	noun
neologisms	neologism	noun:plural
nettle	nettle	noun
nettle	nettle	verb:simple_present+
nettles	nettle	verb:simple_present+
nettled	nettle	verb:simple_past+
nettled	nettle	verb:past_participle+
nettling	nettle	verb:present_participle+
nightingale	nightingale	noun
nightingales	nightingale	noun:plural
nit	nit	noun
narrow	narrow	adjective
near	near	adjective
near	near	adverbe
near	near	preposition
near	near	verb:simple_present+
nears	near	verb:simple_present+
neared	near	verb:simple_past+
neared	near	verb:past_participle+
nearing	near	verb:present_participle+
nearing	near	verb:present_participle
nobleman	nobleman	noun
n	n	letter
n	n	noun
nut	nut	noun
nuts	nut	noun:plural
nut	nut	verb:simple_present+transitive
nuts	nut	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	nut	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	nut	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	nut	verb:present_participle+transitive
nutting	nut	verb:present_participle
nut	nut	verb:simple_present+intransitive
nuts	nut	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	nut	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	nut	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	nut	verb:present_participle+intransitive
nozzle	nozzle	noun
neutron	neutron	noun
neutrons	neutron	noun:plural
neutronium	neutronium	noun
note	note	verb:simple_present+
notes	note	verb:simple_present+
noted	note	verb:simple_past+
noted	note	verb:past_participle+
noting	note	verb:present_participle+
note	note	noun
notes	note	noun:plural
nominatival	nominatival	adjective
nominatively	nominatively	adverbe
nadir	nadir	noun
nadirs	nadir	noun:plural
neurula	neurula	noun
neurotomy	neurotomy	noun
neurotomist	neurotomist	noun
neurotomical	neurotomical	adjective
neurotome	neurotome	noun
naam	naam	noun
nonability	nonability	noun
nonacceptance	nonacceptance	noun
nomothetic	nomothetic	adjective
nomothetical	nomothetical	adjective
noogie	noogie	noun
noogies	noogie	noun:plural
noogie	noogie	verb:simple_present+transitive
noogies	noogie	verb:simple_present+transitive
noogied	noogie	verb:simple_past+transitive
noogied	noogie	verb:past_participle+transitive
noogying	noogie	verb:present_participle+transitive
nuit	nuit	noun
nuit	nuit	verb:simple_present+
nuits	nuit	verb:simple_present+
nuited	nuit	verb:simple_past+
nuited	nuit	verb:past_participle+
nuiting	nuit	verb:present_participle+
nocturnal	nocturnal	adjective
nitrogen	nitrogen	noun
numb	numb	adjective
nazi	nazi	proper noun
nazi	nazi	noun
nazi	nazi	adjective
nipponize	nipponize	verb:simple_present+transitive
nipponizes	nipponize	verb:simple_present+transitive
nipponized	nipponize	verb:simple_past+transitive
nipponized	nipponize	verb:past_participle+transitive
nipponizing	nipponize	verb:present_participle+transitive
nuance	nuance	noun
nuances	nuance	noun:plural
nil	nil	noun
nil	nil	adjective
null	null	noun
null	null	adjective
natural	natural	noun
naturals	natural	noun:plural
natural	natural	adjective
Nippon	Nippon	proper noun
Naples	Naples	proper noun
nick	nick	noun
nick	nick	verb:simple_present+transitive
nicks	nick	verb:simple_present+transitive
nicked	nick	verb:simple_past+transitive
nicked	nick	verb:past_participle+transitive
nicking	nick	verb:present_participle+transitive
nicking	nick	verb:present_participle
nick	nick	proper noun
negligence	negligence	noun
nymphomania	nymphomania	noun
nucleus	nucleus	noun
nucleuses	nucleus	noun:plural
neon	neon	noun
niobium	niobium	noun
neodymium	neodymium	noun
neptunium	neptunium	noun
nobelium	nobelium	noun
never	never	adverbe
na	na	interjection
nah	nah	interjection
nike	nike	noun
neurotic	neurotic	adjective
neurotic	neurotic	noun
Neapolitan	Neapolitan	noun
Neapolitan	Neapolitan	adjective
net	net	noun
net	net	verb:simple_present+transitive
nets	net	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	net	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	net	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	net	verb:present_participle+transitive
net	net	noun
net	net	adjective
net	net	verb:simple_present+transitive
nets	net	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	net	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	net	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	net	verb:present_participle+transitive
navel	navel	noun
navels	navel	noun:plural
needle	needle	noun
needle	needle	verb:simple_present+transitive
needles	needle	verb:simple_present+transitive
needled	needle	verb:simple_past+transitive
needled	needle	verb:past_participle+transitive
needling	needle	verb:present_participle+transitive
nefarious	nefarious	adjective
nail	nail	noun
nail	nail	verb:simple_present+
nails	nail	verb:simple_present+
nailed	nail	verb:simple_past+
nailed	nail	verb:past_participle+
nailing	nail	verb:present_participle+
nailing	nail	verb:present_participle
nonflammable	nonflammable	adjective
negro	negro	proper noun
negros	negro	proper noun:plural
negro	negro	adjective
nexus	nexus	noun
nostrum	nostrum	noun
nairobi	nairobi	proper noun
nassau	nassau	proper noun
nice	nice	adjective
nice	nice	proper noun
nicosia	nicosia	proper noun
Normandy	Normandy	proper noun
newbie	newbie	noun
nuclear	nuclear	adjective
noise	noise	noun
noises	noise	noun:plural
nineteenth	nineteenth	adjective
nineteenth	nineteenth	noun
ninetieth	ninetieth	adjective
ninetieth	ninetieth	noun
necun	necun	adjective
nulle	nulle	adjective
nem	nem	adverbe
nec	nec	adverbe
nec	nec	adverbe
nasheed	nasheed	noun
newspaper	newspaper	noun
newspapers	newspaper	noun:plural
newspaper	newspaper	adjective
novara	novara	proper noun
nigerien	nigerien	noun
nigerien	nigerien	adjective
Nigerian	Nigerian	noun
Nigerian	Nigerian	adjective
nucleon	nucleon	noun
namibian	namibian	noun
namibian	namibian	adjective
Nepalese	Nepalese	noun
Nepalese	Nepalese	adjective
nuoro	nuoro	proper noun
Nicholas	Nicholas	proper noun
Nicholases	Nicholas	proper noun:plural
newton	newton	noun
newtons	newton	noun:plural
Nicaraguan	Nicaraguan	noun
Nicaraguan	Nicaraguan	adjective
Nauruan	Nauruan	noun
Nauruan	Nauruan	adjective
niuean	niuean	noun
niuean	niuean	adjective
nicopolitan	nicopolitan	noun
nipple	nipple	noun
nipples	nipple	noun:plural
Nederlands	Nederlands	noun
Nederlands	Nederlands	adjective
namur	namur	proper noun
nostril	nostril	noun
negligible	negligible	adjective
nutmeg	nutmeg	noun
nonplussed	nonplussed	adjective
nogat	nogat	adverbe
nuuk	nuuk	proper noun
Nahuatl	Nahuatl	noun
nonagon	nonagon	noun
nonagons	nonagon	noun:plural
nasty	nasty	adjective
nude	nude	adjective
nude	nude	noun
nudes	nude	noun:plural
noose	noose	noun
nooses	noose	noun:plural
nix	nix	noun
nix	nix	verb:simple_present+
nixs	nix	verb:simple_present+
???	nix	verb:simple_past+
???	nix	verb:past_participle+
???	nix	verb:present_participle+
nutrition	nutrition	noun
ndebele	ndebele	noun
nebula	nebula	noun
nebulae	nebula	noun:plural
nebula	nebula	noun
nebulosa	nebulosa	noun
nineve	nineve	proper noun
naked	naked	adjective
nudism	nudism	noun
nudist	nudist	noun
nudists	nudist	noun:plural
naturist	naturist	noun
naturists	naturist	noun:plural
naturism	naturism	noun
nee	nee	adjective
nerd	nerd	noun
nerds	nerd	noun:plural
nazg	nazg	noun
nait	nait	noun
neighbour	neighbour	noun
neighbours	neighbour	noun:plural
neighbour	neighbour	verb:simple_present+transitive
neighbours	neighbour	verb:simple_present+transitive
neighboured	neighbour	verb:simple_past+transitive
neighboured	neighbour	verb:past_participle+transitive
neighbouring	neighbour	verb:present_participle+transitive
neighbouring	neighbour	verb:present_participle
neighbor	neighbor	noun
neighbor	neighbor	verb:simple_present+
neighbors	neighbor	verb:simple_present+
???	neighbor	verb:simple_past+
???	neighbor	verb:past_participle+
???	neighbor	verb:present_participle+
non-rhotic	non-rhotic	adjective
noh	noh	noun
nymph	nymph	noun
nicotinist	nicotinist	noun
neigh	neigh	noun
neigh	neigh	verb:simple_present+
neighs	neigh	verb:simple_present+
neighed	neigh	verb:simple_past+
neighed	neigh	verb:past_participle+
neighing	neigh	verb:present_participle+
nun	nun	noun
nuns	nun	noun:plural
nunnery	nunnery	noun
numismatics	numismatics	noun
numismatist	numismatist	noun
numpty	numpty	noun
nya	nya	noun
niche	niche	noun
nerf	nerf	verb:simple_present+
nerfs	nerf	verb:simple_present+
nerfed	nerf	verb:simple_past+
nerfed	nerf	verb:past_participle+
nerfing	nerf	verb:present_participle+
nerf	nerf	proper noun
naval	naval	adjective
nanogram	nanogram	noun
nap	nap	noun
ng	ng	preposition
narrative	narrative	noun
narratives	narrative	noun:plural
narrative	narrative	adjective
nor	nor	conjonction
nor	nor	noun
notable	notable	adjective
notable	notable	noun
nand	nand	noun
nono	nono	noun
nonos	nono	noun:plural
Nintendo	Nintendo	proper noun
nous	nous	noun
Neptune	Neptune	proper noun
nearby	nearby	adjective
nearby	nearby	adverbe
Nidwalden	Nidwalden	proper noun
nuke	nuke	noun
nuke	nuke	verb:simple_present+intransitive
nukes	nuke	verb:simple_present+intransitive
nuked	nuke	verb:simple_past+intransitive
nuked	nuke	verb:past_participle+intransitive
nuking	nuke	verb:present_participle+intransitive
nonalcoholic	nonalcoholic	adjective
noughties	noughties	noun
non-alcoholic	non-alcoholic	adjective
necrophilia	necrophilia	noun
novel	novel	adjective
novel	novel	noun
novella	novella	noun
novelist	novelist	noun
nowhere	nowhere	adverbe
nowise	nowise	adverbe
niggers	niggers	noun
numinous	numinous	adjective
nunchaku	nunchaku	noun
nessie	nessie	proper noun
nay	nay	adverbe
nanpa	nanpa	noun
nama	nama	noun
negress	negress	noun
nounal	nounal	adjective
Nottingham	Nottingham	proper noun
nab	nab	verb:simple_present+transitive
nabs	nab	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	nab	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	nab	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	nab	verb:present_participle+transitive
nabbing	nab	verb:present_participle
nonillion	nonillion	noun
necessitate	necessitate	noun
native	native	adjective
native	native	noun
natives	native	noun:plural
nirvana	nirvana	noun
nip	nip	noun
nips	nip	noun:plural
nip	nip	noun
nips	nip	noun:plural
nip	nip	noun
nips	nip	noun:plural
nip	nip	verb:simple_present+
nips	nip	verb:simple_present+
???	nip	verb:simple_past+
???	nip	verb:past_participle+
???	nip	verb:present_participle+
nipping	nip	verb:present_participle
nip	nip	verb:simple_present+
nips	nip	verb:simple_present+
???	nip	verb:simple_past+
???	nip	verb:past_participle+
???	nip	verb:present_participle+
nerve	nerve	noun
nerves	nerve	noun:plural
n-dimensional	n-dimensional	adjective
nondescript	nondescript	adjective
nowadays	nowadays	adverbe
nilgewater	nilgewater	noun
nigh	nigh	adjective
nigh	nigh	verb:simple_present+
nighs	nigh	verb:simple_present+
nighed	nigh	verb:simple_past+
nighed	nigh	verb:past_participle+
nighing	nigh	verb:present_participle+
nutcracker	nutcracker	noun
nia	nia	noun
nia	nia	verb:simple_present+
nias	nia	verb:simple_present+
niad	nia	verb:simple_past+
niad	nia	verb:past_participle+
niing	nia	verb:present_participle+
nohavice	nohavice	noun
nohavice	nohavice	noun
nohavica	nohavica	noun
noodle	noodle	noun
noodles	noodle	noun:plural
noodle	noodle	verb:simple_present+
noodles	noodle	verb:simple_present+
noodled	noodle	verb:simple_past+
noodled	noodle	verb:past_participle+
noodling	noodle	verb:present_participle+
nest	nest	noun
nest	nest	verb:simple_present+transitive
nests	nest	verb:simple_present+transitive
nested	nest	verb:simple_past+transitive
nested	nest	verb:past_participle+transitive
nesting	nest	verb:present_participle+transitive
nesting	nest	verb:present_participle
nancy	nancy	noun
nancies	nancy	noun:plural
nappy	nappy	noun
nappies	nappy	noun:plural
necessary	necessary	adjective
necessary	necessary	noun
necessaries	necessary	noun:plural
nowt	nowt	noun
nowt	nowt	adverbe
nuncupative	nuncupative	adjective
nutria	nutria	noun
nutrias	nutria	noun:plural
nautical	nautical	adjective
nontotient	nontotient	noun
normal	normal	adjective
normal	normal	noun
normals	normal	noun:plural
nursery	nursery	noun
nurseries	nursery	noun:plural
noman	noman	noun
noman	noman	proper noun
nipper	nipper	noun
neighborhood	neighborhood	noun
nickname	nickname	noun
nicknames	nickname	noun:plural
nickname	nickname	verb:simple_present+transitive
nicknames	nickname	verb:simple_present+transitive
nicknamed	nickname	verb:simple_past+transitive
nicknamed	nickname	verb:past_participle+transitive
nicknaming	nickname	verb:present_participle+transitive
ninja	ninja	noun
nudity	nudity	noun
nakedness	nakedness	noun
newt	newt	noun
natch	natch	adverbe
narrate	narrate	verb:simple_present+
narrates	narrate	verb:simple_present+
narrated	narrate	verb:simple_past+
narrated	narrate	verb:past_participle+
narrating	narrate	verb:present_participle+
nugatory	nugatory	adjective
neo-Nazi	neo-Nazi	noun
neo-Nazi	neo-Nazi	adjective
nyala	nyala	noun
nation	nation	noun
nutter	nutter	noun
nutters	nutter	noun:plural
need	need	verb:simple_present+transitive
needs	need	verb:simple_present+transitive
needed	need	verb:simple_past+transitive
needed	need	verb:past_participle+transitive
needing	need	verb:present_participle+transitive
needing	need	verb:present_participle
need	need	noun
needs	need	noun:plural
news	news	noun
ngumparna	ngumparna	noun
nucleotide	nucleotide	noun
nucleoside	nucleoside	noun
Norman	Norman	proper noun
nana	nana	verb:simple_present+
nanas	nana	verb:simple_present+
nanad	nana	verb:simple_past+
nanad	nana	verb:past_participle+
naning	nana	verb:present_participle+
nana	nana	noun
nanas	nana	noun:plural
nana	nana	noun
nanas	nana	noun:plural
nasal	nasal	adjective
nasal	nasal	noun
nasals	nasal	noun:plural
necropsy	necropsy	noun
necropsies	necropsy	noun:plural
necropsy	necropsy	verb:simple_present+
necropsies	necropsy	verb:simple_present+
necropsied	necropsy	verb:simple_past+
necropsied	necropsy	verb:past_participle+
necropsying	necropsy	verb:present_participle+
nephew-in-law	nephew-in-law	noun
nhurraay	nhurraay	noun
nhiibi	nhiibi	noun
ngandabaa	ngandabaa	noun
Nepali	Nepali	proper noun
nosegay	nosegay	noun
nosegays	nosegay	noun:plural
necessarily	necessarily	adverbe
nevertheless	nevertheless	adverbe
niffy	niffy	adjective
nippy	nippy	adjective
nippy	nippy	proper noun
nite	nite	noun
nite	nite	verb:simple_present+
nites	nite	verb:simple_present+
nited	nite	verb:simple_past+
nited	nite	verb:past_participle+
niting	nite	verb:present_participle+
natlang	natlang	noun
nicker	nicker	noun
nicker	nicker	verb:simple_present+
nickers	nicker	verb:simple_present+
???	nicker	verb:simple_past+
???	nicker	verb:past_participle+
???	nicker	verb:present_participle+
nikka	nikka	noun
nikkas	nikka	noun:plural
novocastrian	novocastrian	adjective
novocastrian	novocastrian	noun
niece-in-law	niece-in-law	noun
niggardly	niggardly	adjective
Newcastle	Newcastle	proper noun
newfound	newfound	adjective
Norge	Norge	proper noun
nan	nan	noun
nape	nape	noun
nave	nave	noun
naves	nave	noun:plural
nave	nave	noun
naves	nave	noun:plural
neap	neap	noun
negate	negate	verb:simple_present+
negates	negate	verb:simple_present+
negated	negate	verb:simple_past+
negated	negate	verb:past_participle+
negating	negate	verb:present_participle+
nereid	nereid	noun
neural	neural	adjective
neuron	neuron	noun
neurons	neuron	noun:plural
newel	newel	noun
niacin	niacin	noun
nib	nib	noun
nibbed	nibbed	adjective
niched	niched	adjective
niggle	niggle	verb:simple_present+
niggles	niggle	verb:simple_present+
niggled	niggle	verb:simple_past+
niggled	niggle	verb:past_participle+
niggling	niggle	verb:present_participle+
niter	niter	noun
nitric	nitric	adjective
nitty	nitty	adjective
nob	nob	noun
nodal	nodal	adjective
nodder	nodder	noun
nodule	nodule	noun
nonce	nonce	noun
nones	nones	noun
notate	notate	adjective
nubia	nubia	proper noun
nubile	nubile	adjective
nulled	nulled	adjective
nurser	nurser	noun
nutate	nutate	verb:simple_present+
nutates	nutate	verb:simple_present+
nutated	nutate	verb:simple_past+
nutated	nutate	verb:past_participle+
nutating	nutate	verb:present_participle+
nacre	nacre	noun
nag	nag	noun
nag	nag	verb:simple_present+
nags	nag	verb:simple_present+
???	nag	verb:simple_past+
???	nag	verb:past_participle+
???	nag	verb:present_participle+
nag	nag	noun
nailer	nailer	noun
namer	namer	noun
nanny	nanny	noun
nannies	nanny	noun:plural
nativist	nativist	noun
neat	neat	adjective
neat	neat	noun
neb	neb	noun
necessity	necessity	noun
needs	needs	noun
needs	needs	adverbe
nightfall	nightfall	noun
node	node	noun
nodes	node	noun:plural
noisy	noisy	adjective
nominee	nominee	noun
nonchalance	nonchalance	noun
nonsensical	nonsensical	adjective
notebook	notebook	noun
nourish	nourish	noun
nourish	nourish	verb:simple_present+
nourishs	nourish	verb:simple_present+
nourished	nourish	verb:simple_past+
nourished	nourish	verb:past_participle+
nourishing	nourish	verb:present_participle+
novelette	novelette	noun
nullification	nullification	noun
nurture	nurture	noun
nope	nope	noun
nopes	nope	noun:plural
nope	nope	adverbe
nope	nope	noun
nopes	nope	noun:plural
Neolithic	Neolithic	adjective
nonic	nonic	adjective
nonic	nonic	adjective
nanakmel	nanakmel	noun
nerdy	nerdy	adjective
non-fiction	non-fiction	noun
nepheline	nepheline	noun
nang	nang	adjective
nelly	nelly	proper noun
nelly	nelly	noun
nelly	nelly	noun
nellies	nelly	noun:plural
nelly	nelly	adjective
notion	notion	noun
nitty-gritty	nitty-gritty	noun
nesh	nesh	adjective
nmake	nmake	noun
n-word	n-word	noun
n-words	n-word	noun:plural
nova	nova	noun
nova	nova	adjective
national	national	adjective
net.god	net.god	noun
negroid	negroid	adjective
naan	naan	noun
narco-state	narco-state	noun
noctilucent	noctilucent	adjective
necromancy	necromancy	noun
negative	negative	adjective
neutral	neutral	adjective
neutrino	neutrino	noun
non-determinism	non-determinism	noun
ned	ned	proper noun
ned	ned	noun
neds	ned	noun:plural
nunachi	nunachi	verb:simple_present+
nunachis	nunachi	verb:simple_present+
nunachied	nunachi	verb:simple_past+
nunachied	nunachi	verb:past_participle+
nunachiing	nunachi	verb:present_participle+
nusi	nusi	verb:simple_present+
nusis	nusi	verb:simple_present+
nusied	nusi	verb:simple_past+
nusied	nusi	verb:past_participle+
nusiing	nusi	verb:present_participle+
nostalgia	nostalgia	noun
nascent	nascent	adjective
nimbyism	nimbyism	noun
nativity	nativity	noun
nidus	nidus	noun
narutard	narutard	noun
non-goal	non-goal	noun
netsplit	netsplit	noun
noes	noes	noun
noumenon	noumenon	noun
nontrinitarian	nontrinitarian	adjective
neutrophils	neutrophils	noun
norm	norm	noun
norms	norm	noun:plural
norm	norm	proper noun
nationalism	nationalism	noun
nibble	nibble	noun
nibbles	nibble	noun:plural
nibble	nibble	verb:simple_present+
nibbles	nibble	verb:simple_present+
nibbled	nibble	verb:simple_past+
nibbled	nibble	verb:past_participle+
nibbling	nibble	verb:present_participle+
nibble	nibble	noun
noob	noob	noun
noble	noble	adjective
narcissism	narcissism	noun
nod	nod	verb:simple_present+
nods	nod	verb:simple_present+
???	nod	verb:simple_past+
???	nod	verb:past_participle+
???	nod	verb:present_participle+
noctopthalmophobia	noctopthalmophobia	noun
nomenclature	nomenclature	noun
nitrate	nitrate	noun
nitrates	nitrate	noun:plural
nobyembre	nobyembre	noun
nuliaq	nuliaq	noun
nukaq	nukaq	noun
niqi	niqi	noun
niaquujaaq	niaquujaaq	noun
nirijuq	nirijuq	verb:simple_present+
nirijuqs	nirijuq	verb:simple_present+
???	nirijuq	verb:simple_past+
???	nirijuq	verb:past_participle+
???	nirijuq	verb:present_participle+
nanuk	nanuk	noun
niuk	niuk	noun
nani	nani	adverbe
neither	neither	conjonction
neither	neither	adverbe
narwhal	narwhal	noun
notch	notch	noun
notch	notch	verb:simple_present+
notchs	notch	verb:simple_present+
notched	notch	verb:simple_past+
notched	notch	verb:past_participle+
notching	notch	verb:present_participle+
nizzle	nizzle	noun
nostalgic	nostalgic	adjective
narcotic	narcotic	noun
narcotic	narcotic	adjective
notice	notice	noun
notices	notice	noun:plural
notice	notice	verb:simple_present+
notices	notice	verb:simple_present+
noticed	notice	verb:simple_past+
noticed	notice	verb:past_participle+
noticing	notice	verb:present_participle+
Nebuchadnezzar	Nebuchadnezzar	proper noun
Nebuchadnezzar	Nebuchadnezzar	noun
nails	nails	noun
numerous	numerous	adjective
nagware	nagware	noun
nepenthe	nepenthe	noun
Neville	Neville	proper noun
naw	naw	adjective
Nagasaki	Nagasaki	proper noun
Narita	Narita	proper noun
noxious	noxious	adjective
non-threatening	non-threatening	adjective
niglet	niglet	noun
Nebraska	Nebraska	proper noun
Nevada	Nevada	proper noun
Nigel	Nigel	proper noun
northern	northern	adjective
Norfolk	Norfolk	proper noun
Northamptonshire	Northamptonshire	proper noun
Northumberland	Northumberland	proper noun
Nottinghamshire	Nottinghamshire	proper noun
nowhen	nowhen	noun
narcissus	narcissus	noun
nasturtium	nasturtium	noun
nafoka	nafoka	noun
Nile	Nile	proper noun
nearly	nearly	adverbe
nominal	nominal	adjective
nemesis	nemesis	noun
Nagoya	Nagoya	proper noun
nomogram	nomogram	noun
nomograms	nomogram	noun:plural
nomograph	nomograph	noun
nomographs	nomograph	noun:plural
neo-luddite	neo-luddite	noun
necklace	necklace	noun
necklaces	necklace	noun:plural
nuts	nuts	noun
nuts	nuts	adjective
notify	notify	verb:simple_present+transitive
notifies	notify	verb:simple_present+transitive
notified	notify	verb:simple_past+transitive
notified	notify	verb:past_participle+transitive
notifying	notify	verb:present_participle+transitive
notifying	notify	verb:present_participle
neophyte	neophyte	noun
nijubashi	nijubashi	noun
normally	normally	adverbe
navigation	navigation	noun
Nnapulitano	Nnapulitano	proper noun
napulitano	napulitano	adjective
napulitano	napulitano	noun
nonconformist	nonconformist	noun
numskull	numskull	noun
numskulls	numskull	noun:plural
narcolepsy	narcolepsy	noun
narcolepsies	narcolepsy	noun:plural
necrosis	necrosis	noun
neurology	neurology	noun
nosh	nosh	noun
nosh	nosh	verb:simple_present+intransitive
noshs	nosh	verb:simple_present+intransitive
noshed	nosh	verb:simple_past+intransitive
noshed	nosh	verb:past_participle+intransitive
noshing	nosh	verb:present_participle+intransitive
nudge	nudge	noun
nudge	nudge	verb:simple_present+transitive
nudges	nudge	verb:simple_present+transitive
nudged	nudge	verb:simple_past+transitive
nudged	nudge	verb:past_participle+transitive
nudging	nudge	verb:present_participle+transitive
NSFW	NSFW	adjective
numbers	numbers	proper noun
numbers	numbers	noun
notes	notes	noun
nylon	nylon	noun
nonagenarian	nonagenarian	noun
nonagenarian	nonagenarian	adjective
neurotoxin	neurotoxin	noun
neurotoxin	neurotoxin	adjective
neglect	neglect	verb:simple_present+transitive
neglects	neglect	verb:simple_present+transitive
neglected	neglect	verb:simple_past+transitive
neglected	neglect	verb:past_participle+transitive
neglecting	neglect	verb:present_participle+transitive
neglecting	neglect	verb:present_participle
neglect	neglect	noun
niob	niob	noun
noseeums	noseeums	noun
nawlins	nawlins	proper noun
nightcap	nightcap	noun
nugget	nugget	noun
nuggets	nugget	noun:plural
noel	noel	proper noun
noel	noel	proper noun
noele	noele	proper noun
neo	neo	proper noun
numeric	numeric	adjective
naturally	naturally	adverbe
ncroja	ncroja	noun
nobble	nobble	verb:simple_present+
nobbles	nobble	verb:simple_present+
nobbled	nobble	verb:simple_past+
nobbled	nobble	verb:past_participle+
nobbling	nobble	verb:present_participle+
nark	nark	noun
nark	nark	verb:simple_present+intransitive
narks	nark	verb:simple_present+intransitive
narked	nark	verb:simple_past+intransitive
narked	nark	verb:past_participle+intransitive
narking	nark	verb:present_participle+intransitive
nookie	nookie	noun
narc	narc	noun
netsuke	netsuke	noun
notably	notably	adverbe
negotiate	negotiate	verb:simple_present+
negotiates	negotiate	verb:simple_present+
negotiated	negotiate	verb:simple_past+
negotiated	negotiate	verb:past_participle+
negotiating	negotiate	verb:present_participle+
negotiate	negotiate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
negotiates	negotiate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
negotiated	negotiate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
negotiated	negotiate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
negotiating	negotiate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
negotiate	negotiate	verb:simple_present+transitive
negotiates	negotiate	verb:simple_present+transitive
negotiated	negotiate	verb:simple_past+transitive
negotiated	negotiate	verb:past_participle+transitive
negotiating	negotiate	verb:present_participle+transitive
non-verbal	non-verbal	adjective
nomology	nomology	noun
neurosis	neurosis	noun
neuroses	neurosis	noun:plural
nutraceutical	nutraceutical	noun
nuff	nuff	adjective
nervous	nervous	adjective
nitroglycerine	nitroglycerine	noun
natty	natty	adjective
nutritional	nutritional	adjective
nonexistent	nonexistent	adjective
nipponism	nipponism	noun
Neofelis	Neofelis	proper noun
nauseate	nauseate	verb:simple_present+
nauseates	nauseate	verb:simple_present+
nauseated	nauseate	verb:simple_past+
nauseated	nauseate	verb:past_participle+
nauseating	nauseate	verb:present_participle+
nausea	nausea	noun
nominate	nominate	verb:simple_present+
nominates	nominate	verb:simple_present+
nominated	nominate	verb:simple_past+
nominated	nominate	verb:past_participle+
nominating	nominate	verb:present_participle+
Neognathae	Neognathae	proper noun
nidorous	nidorous	adjective
nebulous	nebulous	adjective
nincompoop	nincompoop	noun
neoptera	neoptera	proper noun
necromancer	necromancer	noun
newfangled	newfangled	adjective
nay-say	nay-say	verb:simple_present+
nay-says	nay-say	verb:simple_present+
nay-sayed	nay-say	verb:simple_past+
nay-sayed	nay-say	verb:past_participle+
nay-saying	nay-say	verb:present_participle+
natt	natt	noun
nutrient	nutrient	noun
nutrient	nutrient	adjective
nutriment	nutriment	noun
nourishment	nourishment	noun
nourishing	nourishing	adjective
nura	nura	adjective
numbro	numbro	noun
nivo	nivo	noun
nulo	nulo	noun
nymphomaniac	nymphomaniac	noun
notar	notar	verb:simple_present+
notars	notar	verb:simple_present+
???	notar	verb:simple_past+
???	notar	verb:past_participle+
???	notar	verb:present_participle+
noto	noto	noun
newly	newly	adverbe
nads	nads	noun
necrology	necrology	noun
neta	neta	adjective
nitpick	nitpick	verb:simple_present+intransitive
nitpicks	nitpick	verb:simple_present+intransitive
nitpicked	nitpick	verb:simple_past+intransitive
nitpicked	nitpick	verb:past_participle+intransitive
nitpicking	nitpick	verb:present_participle+intransitive
narthex	narthex	noun
nitwit	nitwit	noun
necrophagia	necrophagia	noun
non-existent	non-existent	adjective
nipponese	nipponese	adjective
nua	nua	adjective
neoteny	neoteny	noun
numerical	numerical	adjective
newsprint	newsprint	noun
nocturne	nocturne	noun
nonetheless	nonetheless	adverbe
notwithstanding	notwithstanding	adverbe
notwithstanding	notwithstanding	conjonction
notwithstanding	notwithstanding	preposition
nook	nook	noun
napalm	napalm	noun
napalm	napalm	verb:simple_present+transitive
napalms	napalm	verb:simple_present+transitive
napalmed	napalm	verb:simple_past+transitive
napalmed	napalm	verb:past_participle+transitive
napalming	napalm	verb:present_participle+transitive
notochord	notochord	noun
Navajo	Navajo	noun
natant	natant	adjective
Nate	Nate	proper noun
namebini-giizis	namebini-giizis	noun
nightie	nightie	noun
nightly	nightly	adjective
nightly	nightly	adverbe
nightmare	nightmare	noun
nightshirt	nightshirt	noun
nightlight	nightlight	noun
north-northeast	north-northeast	noun
north-northwest	north-northwest	noun
nyctophobia	nyctophobia	noun
nutcase	nutcase	noun
nursemaid	nursemaid	noun
non-negative	non-negative	adjective
necronomicon	necronomicon	noun
niibin	niibin	verb:simple_present+
niibins	niibin	verb:simple_present+
???	niibin	verb:simple_past+
???	niibin	verb:past_participle+
???	niibin	verb:present_participle+
namebin	namebin	noun
ninny	ninny	noun
nika	nika	noun
nth	nth	adjective
nth	nth	noun
nephs	nephs	noun
nephrologists	nephrologists	noun
nameplate	nameplate	noun
neatnik	neatnik	noun
nance	nance	proper noun
nance	nance	noun
nances	nance	noun:plural
nance	nance	verb:simple_present+intransitive
nances	nance	verb:simple_present+intransitive
nanced	nance	verb:simple_past+intransitive
nanced	nance	verb:past_participle+intransitive
nancing	nance	verb:present_participle+intransitive
napiform	napiform	adjective
negotiation	negotiation	noun
nauseous	nauseous	adjective
nihilism	nihilism	noun
nihilistic	nihilistic	adjective
naive	naive	adjective
numerator	numerator	noun
numerators	numerator	noun:plural
neuk	neuk	noun
nicer	nicer	adjective
night-rail	night-rail	noun
necrophile	necrophile	noun
no-brainer	no-brainer	noun
nitrile	nitrile	noun
Nawin	Nawin	proper noun
newsworthy	newsworthy	adjective
noteworthy	noteworthy	adjective
noncommittal	noncommittal	adjective
Nuu-chah-nulth	Nuu-chah-nulth	noun
naught	naught	noun
nosebleed	nosebleed	noun
nosebleeds	nosebleed	noun:plural
networks	networks	noun
nonage	nonage	noun
Ness	Ness	proper noun
nguyen	nguyen	noun
notoriety	notoriety	noun
notorious	notorious	adjective
Neoproterozoic	Neoproterozoic	adjective
Neoproterozoic	Neoproterozoic	noun
Neoarchean	Neoarchean	adjective
Neoarchean	Neoarchean	noun
Neogene	Neogene	adjective
Neogene	Neogene	noun
notation	notation	noun
neoplatonism	neoplatonism	noun
nitrite	nitrite	noun
nomination	nomination	noun
nihilist	nihilist	noun
neath	neath	preposition
neath	neath	proper noun
nona	nona	proper noun
Nyx	Nyx	proper noun
namaste	namaste	interjection
nonchalant	nonchalant	adjective
noisily	noisily	adverbe
Neil	Neil	proper noun
Neal	Neal	proper noun
nanobot	nanobot	noun
neutrality	neutrality	noun
ner	ner	interjection
nerdom	nerdom	noun
norrie	norrie	proper noun
narcissist	narcissist	noun
ninefold	ninefold	adjective
nuut	nuut	adjective
ndiyam	ndiyam	noun
ninjutsu	ninjutsu	noun
neolocal	neolocal	adjective
naphthalene	naphthalene	noun
nitpicky	nitpicky	adjective
norskum	norskum	adjective
nitro	nitro	noun
nitro	nitro	adjective
nitrobacterium	nitrobacterium	noun
negatory	negatory	adjective
negatory	negatory	adverbe
nitrobenzene	nitrobenzene	noun
nitrocellulose	nitrocellulose	noun
nitrofuran	nitrofuran	noun
nitrofurantoin	nitrofurantoin	noun
nitrogenase	nitrogenase	noun
nitrogenize	nitrogenize	verb:simple_present+transitive
nitrogenizes	nitrogenize	verb:simple_present+transitive
nitrogenized	nitrogenize	verb:simple_past+transitive
nitrogenized	nitrogenize	verb:past_participle+transitive
nitrogenizing	nitrogenize	verb:present_participle+transitive
nitrogenized	nitrogenized	adjective
nitrogenous	nitrogenous	adjective
nitromethane	nitromethane	noun
nitroparaffin	nitroparaffin	noun
nitrosamine	nitrosamine	noun
nitrostarch	nitrostarch	noun
nitration	nitration	noun
norom	norom	adjective
nimble	nimble	adjective
no-show	no-show	noun
nucleoplasm	nucleoplasm	noun
nights	nights	adverbe
nime	nime	noun
nanometre	nanometre	noun
nanometres	nanometre	noun:plural
nanometer	nanometer	noun
nanometers	nanometer	noun:plural
Nadir	Nadir	proper noun
Nancy	Nancy	proper noun
Nancys	Nancy	proper noun:plural
Nanny	Nanny	proper noun
Narcissus	Narcissus	proper noun
Natal	Natal	proper noun
Ned	Ned	proper noun
Ned	Ned	noun
Nice	Nice	proper noun
Nick	Nick	proper noun
Nick	Nick	noun
Nick	Nick	verb:simple_present+
Nicks	Nick	verb:simple_present+
Nicked	Nick	verb:simple_past+
Nicked	Nick	verb:past_participle+
Nicking	Nick	verb:present_participle+
Nip	Nip	noun
Noongar	Noongar	proper noun
Noongar	Noongar	adjective
Norm	Norm	proper noun
Norm	Norm	proper noun
Norms	Norm	proper noun:plural
Nutter	Nutter	proper noun
Noah	Noah	proper noun
navicular	navicular	adjective
navicular	navicular	noun
nirmpa	nirmpa	noun
Nokia	Nokia	proper noun
Nokia	Nokia	proper noun
Norvegia	Norvegia	noun
nerdiac	nerdiac	noun
nerdiacs	nerdiac	noun:plural
nartjie	nartjie	noun
nartjies	nartjie	noun:plural
needless	needless	adjective
namesake	namesake	noun
namaskar	namaskar	noun
necrophobia	necrophobia	noun
nervure	nervure	noun
nervures	nervure	noun:plural
neurohypophysis	neurohypophysis	noun
north-eastern	north-eastern	adjective
north-western	north-western	adjective
nephros	nephros	noun
nephritis	nephritis	noun
nephritises	nephritis	noun:plural
nephritic	nephritic	adjective
nephritic	nephritic	noun
nephritics	nephritic	noun:plural
nephric	nephric	adjective
navigator	navigator	noun
nephrosis	nephrosis	noun
nephrotic	nephrotic	adjective
nephropathy	nephropathy	noun
nephropathies	nephropathy	noun:plural
navvy	navvy	noun
neurilemma	neurilemma	noun
nihtahollosi	nihtahollosi	noun
naturopathy	naturopathy	noun
naturopathies	naturopathy	noun:plural
no-no	no-no	noun
nene	nene	noun
nounours	nounours	noun
nordio	nordio	noun
nabla	nabla	noun
nablas	nabla	noun:plural
negotious	negotious	adjective
negotiatrix	negotiatrix	noun
neologistic	neologistic	adjective
Nehruvian-Stalinism	Nehruvian-Stalinism	noun
no.	no.	adverbe
naevus	naevus	noun
naevoid	naevoid	adjective
naevose	naevose	adjective
neurotransmitter	neurotransmitter	noun
non-zero	non-zero	adjective
newscast	newscast	noun
newscaster	newscaster	noun
Nat.	Nat.	proper noun
nat.	nat.	noun
nympholept	nympholept	noun
nympholepsy	nympholepsy	verb:simple_present+
nympholepsies	nympholepsy	verb:simple_present+
nympholepsied	nympholepsy	verb:simple_past+
nympholepsied	nympholepsy	verb:past_participle+
nympholepsying	nympholepsy	verb:present_participle+
nearer	nearer	adjective
normocephalic	normocephalic	adjective
num.	num.	adjective
natives	natives	noun
namely	namely	adverbe
nocosomial	nocosomial	adjective
nacarat	nacarat	noun
nearest	nearest	adjective
nosis	nosis	noun
nacreous	nacreous	adjective
necromantic	necromantic	adjective
nullah	nullah	noun
neuropathy	neuropathy	noun
neuropathies	neuropathy	noun:plural
neuropathic	neuropathic	adjective
non-Euclidean	non-Euclidean	adjective
non-empty	non-empty	adjective
neurasthenia	neurasthenia	noun
nodded	nodded	verb:simple_present+
noddeds	nodded	verb:simple_present+
???	nodded	verb:simple_past+
???	nodded	verb:past_participle+
???	nodded	verb:present_participle+
nog	nog	noun
nog	nog	verb:simple_present+transitive
nogs	nog	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	nog	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	nog	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	nog	verb:present_participle+transitive
noggin	noggin	noun
neura	neura	noun
netizen	netizen	noun
Netscape	Netscape	proper noun
nationalization	nationalization	noun
northernmost	northernmost	adjective
no-fly	no-fly	adjective
no-go	no-go	adjective
no-go	no-go	noun
no-goes	no-go	noun:plural
not-for-profit	not-for-profit	adjective
nuorti	nuorti	noun
neuralgia	neuralgia	noun
n-tuple	n-tuple	noun
nationist	nationist	noun
noisome	noisome	adjective
nictitate	nictitate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
nictitates	nictitate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
nictitated	nictitate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
nictitated	nictitate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
nictitating	nictitate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
nictitation	nictitation	noun
nullifidian	nullifidian	noun
navarin	navarin	noun
nobility	nobility	noun
negation	negation	noun
negations	negation	noun:plural
nam	nam	noun
n-omino	n-omino	noun
nonomino	nonomino	noun
nonominoes	nonomino	noun:plural
nelson	nelson	noun
nightwatchman	nightwatchman	noun
non-striker	non-striker	noun
nevermore	nevermore	adverbe
n-iamond	n-iamond	noun
Noctuidae	Noctuidae	noun
niveous	niveous	adjective
neighbouring	neighbouring	adjective
neighbourly	neighbourly	adjective
nare	nare	noun
Nematoda	Nematoda	proper noun
Narnia	Narnia	proper noun
nixer	nixer	noun
nieces	nieces	noun
no	no	determiner
no	no	determiner
