Kenya	Kenya	proper noun
Kiribati	Kiribati	proper noun
Kuwait	Kuwait	proper noun
Kyrgyzstan	Kyrgyzstan	proper noun
Kazakhstan	Kazakhstan	proper noun
koomkie	koomkie	noun
kropotkinist	kropotkinist	noun
know	know	verb:simple_present+
knows	know	verb:simple_present+
knew	know	verb:simple_past+
known	know	verb:past_participle+
knowing	know	verb:present_participle+
knowing	know	verb:present_participle
kill	kill	verb:simple_present+transitive
kills	kill	verb:simple_present+transitive
killed	kill	verb:simple_past+transitive
killed	kill	verb:past_participle+transitive
killing	kill	verb:present_participle+transitive
kill	kill	noun
kills	kill	noun:plural
kill	kill	noun
kindle	kindle	verb:simple_present+transitive
kindles	kindle	verb:simple_present+transitive
kindled	kindle	verb:simple_past+transitive
kindled	kindle	verb:past_participle+transitive
kindling	kindle	verb:present_participle+transitive
kindle	kindle	noun
kindles	kindle	noun:plural
king	king	noun
kings	king	noun:plural
Korean	Korean	noun
Korean	Korean	adjective
keyboard	keyboard	noun
keyboards	keyboard	noun:plural
krill	krill	noun
knight	knight	noun
knight	knight	verb:simple_present+
knights	knight	verb:simple_present+
knighted	knight	verb:simple_past+
knighted	knight	verb:past_participle+
knighting	knight	verb:present_participle+
knighting	knight	verb:present_participle
kangaroo	kangaroo	noun
koala	koala	noun
koala	koala	noun
kiwi	kiwi	noun
kiwis	kiwi	noun:plural
karoshi	karoshi	noun
Korea	Korea	noun
Korea	Korea	adjective
kingdom	kingdom	noun
kerosene	kerosene	noun
khaki	khaki	noun
khaki	khaki	adjective
kebbuck	kebbuck	noun
kind	kind	noun
kind	kind	adjective
knee	knee	noun
knees	knee	noun:plural
knee	knee	verb:simple_present+
knees	knee	verb:simple_present+
kneed	knee	verb:simple_past+
kneed	knee	verb:past_participle+
kneing	knee	verb:present_participle+
kneeing	knee	verb:present_participle
kurwa	kurwa	interjection
kerala	kerala	proper noun
Karnataka	Karnataka	proper noun
kedah	kedah	proper noun
kelantan	kelantan	proper noun
kucing	kucing	noun
kamus	kamus	noun
kamus	kamus	noun
kemarin	kemarin	noun
kami	kami	noun
Kavaratti	Kavaratti	proper noun
Kohima	Kohima	proper noun
Kuantan	Kuantan	proper noun
Kangar	Kangar	proper noun
Kuching	Kuching	proper noun
kibitzer	kibitzer	noun
keep	keep	verb:simple_present+
keeps	keep	verb:simple_present+
kept	keep	verb:simple_past+
kept	keep	verb:past_participle+
keeping	keep	verb:present_participle+
keep	keep	noun
keeps	keep	noun:plural
keep	keep	noun
kept	kept	verb:simple_present+
kepts	kept	verb:simple_present+
kepted	kept	verb:simple_past+
kepted	kept	verb:past_participle+
kepting	kept	verb:present_participle+
kept	kept	verb:simple_present+
kepts	kept	verb:simple_present+
kepted	kept	verb:simple_past+
kepted	kept	verb:past_participle+
kepting	kept	verb:present_participle+
kneel	kneel	verb:simple_present+
kneels	kneel	verb:simple_present+
knelt	kneel	verb:simple_past+
kneeled	kneel	verb:simple_past+
knelt	kneel	verb:past_participle+
kneeled	kneel	verb:past_participle+
kneeling	kneel	verb:present_participle+
kneeling	kneel	verb:present_participle
knelt	knelt	verb:simple_present+
knelts	knelt	verb:simple_present+
knelted	knelt	verb:simple_past+
knelted	knelt	verb:past_participle+
knelting	knelt	verb:present_participle+
knelt	knelt	verb:simple_present+
knelts	knelt	verb:simple_present+
knelted	knelt	verb:simple_past+
knelted	knelt	verb:past_participle+
knelting	knelt	verb:present_participle+
kneeled	kneeled	verb:simple_present+
kneeleds	kneeled	verb:simple_present+
???	kneeled	verb:simple_past+
???	kneeled	verb:past_participle+
???	kneeled	verb:present_participle+
kneeled	kneeled	verb:simple_present+
kneeleds	kneeled	verb:simple_present+
???	kneeled	verb:simple_past+
???	kneeled	verb:past_participle+
???	kneeled	verb:present_participle+
knit	knit	verb:simple_present+transitive
knits	knit	verb:simple_present+transitive
knit	knit	verb:simple_past+transitive
knitted	knit	verb:simple_past+transitive
knit	knit	verb:past_participle+transitive
knitted	knit	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	knit	verb:present_participle+transitive
knit	knit	verb:simple_present+intransitive
knits	knit	verb:simple_present+intransitive
knit	knit	verb:simple_past+intransitive
knitted	knit	verb:simple_past+intransitive
knit	knit	verb:past_participle+intransitive
knitted	knit	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	knit	verb:present_participle+intransitive
knitted	knitted	verb:simple_present+
knitteds	knitted	verb:simple_present+
???	knitted	verb:simple_past+
???	knitted	verb:past_participle+
???	knitted	verb:present_participle+
knitted	knitted	verb:simple_present+
knitteds	knitted	verb:simple_present+
???	knitted	verb:simple_past+
???	knitted	verb:past_participle+
???	knitted	verb:present_participle+
knew	knew	verb:simple_present+
knews	knew	verb:simple_present+
???	knew	verb:simple_past+
???	knew	verb:past_participle+
???	knew	verb:present_participle+
known	known	verb:simple_present+
knowns	known	verb:simple_present+
knowned	known	verb:simple_past+
knowned	known	verb:past_participle+
knowning	known	verb:present_participle+
kanji	kanji	noun
kanjis	kanji	noun:plural
kalaallisut	kalaallisut	proper noun
kestrel	kestrel	noun
krok	krok	noun
krot	krot	noun
krot	krot	noun
knowledge	knowledge	noun
knife	knife	noun
knives	knife	noun:plural
knife	knife	verb:simple_present+
knifes	knife	verb:simple_present+
knifed	knife	verb:simple_past+
knifed	knife	verb:past_participle+
knifing	knife	verb:present_participle+
kral	kral	noun
key	key	noun
keys	key	noun:plural
key	key	adjective
key	key	verb:simple_present+transitive
keys	key	verb:simple_present+transitive
keyed	key	verb:simple_past+transitive
keyed	key	verb:past_participle+transitive
keying	key	verb:present_participle+transitive
keying	key	verb:present_participle
k	k	letter
k	k	noun
Klingon	Klingon	noun
kolonie	kolonie	noun
kudde	kudde	noun
kuddes	kudde	noun:plural
kin	kin	noun
kith	kith	noun
Kannada	Kannada	proper noun
kidney	kidney	noun
kidneys	kidney	noun:plural
kies	kies	noun
kies	kies	adjective
kies	kies	verb:simple_present+
kiess	kies	verb:simple_present+
kiesed	kies	verb:simple_past+
kiesed	kies	verb:past_participle+
kiesing	kies	verb:present_participle+
kernel	kernel	noun
knoppix	knoppix	noun
kerf	kerf	noun
kerfs	kerf	noun:plural
kata	kata	noun
kata	kata	noun
kata	kata	noun
kata	kata	noun
know-it-all	know-it-all	noun
know-it-alls	know-it-all	noun:plural
kick	kick	verb:simple_present+transitive
kicks	kick	verb:simple_present+transitive
kicked	kick	verb:simple_past+transitive
kicked	kick	verb:past_participle+transitive
kicking	kick	verb:present_participle+transitive
kicking	kick	verb:present_participle
kick	kick	verb:simple_present+intransitive
kicks	kick	verb:simple_present+intransitive
kicked	kick	verb:simple_past+intransitive
kicked	kick	verb:past_participle+intransitive
kicking	kick	verb:present_participle+intransitive
kick	kick	noun
kick	kick	adjective
kimono	kimono	noun
kurdish	kurdish	noun
kurdish	kurdish	adjective
kilometer	kilometer	noun
kilometers	kilometer	noun:plural
kilo	kilo	noun
kilometre	kilometre	noun
kilometres	kilometre	noun:plural
kiganda	kiganda	adjective
krypton	krypton	noun
kayak	kayak	noun
kana	kana	noun
klingonese	klingonese	noun
krona	krona	noun
krkavec	krkavec	noun
krkavec	krkavec	noun
kosher	kosher	noun
kosher	kosher	adjective
kosher	kosher	verb:simple_present+transitive
koshers	kosher	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	kosher	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	kosher	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	kosher	verb:present_participle+transitive
kennel	kennel	noun
kiss	kiss	verb:simple_present+transitive
kisss	kiss	verb:simple_present+transitive
kissed	kiss	verb:simple_past+transitive
kissed	kiss	verb:past_participle+transitive
kissing	kiss	verb:present_participle+transitive
kissing	kiss	verb:present_participle
kiss	kiss	verb:simple_present+intransitive
kisss	kiss	verb:simple_present+intransitive
kissed	kiss	verb:simple_past+intransitive
kissed	kiss	verb:past_participle+intransitive
kissing	kiss	verb:present_participle+intransitive
kiss	kiss	noun
kisses	kiss	noun:plural
kleptomania	kleptomania	noun
Kabul	Kabul	proper noun
Kathmandu	Kathmandu	proper noun
khartoum	khartoum	proper noun
Kiev	Kiev	proper noun
kinsman	kinsman	noun
kinswoman	kinswoman	noun
koper	koper	noun
koper	koper	noun
koper	koper	noun
kyrgyz	kyrgyz	noun
kyrgyz	kyrgyz	adjective
Kenyan	Kenyan	noun
Kenyan	Kenyan	adjective
Kazakh	Kazakh	noun
Kazakh	Kazakh	adjective
kuwaiti	kuwaiti	noun
kuwaiti	kuwaiti	adjective
kelvin	kelvin	noun
kilogram	kilogram	noun
kilogramme	kilogramme	noun
katal	katal	noun
kiribatian	kiribatian	noun
kiribatian	kiribatian	adjective
Kia	Kia	noun
knock	knock	noun
knock	knock	verb:simple_present+
knocks	knock	verb:simple_present+
knocked	knock	verb:simple_past+
knocked	knock	verb:past_participle+
knocking	knock	verb:present_participle+
knockoff	knockoff	noun
kava	kava	noun
kava	kava	adjective
knockout	knockout	noun
knockout	knockout	adjective
khaskovo	khaskovo	proper noun
kyustendil	kyustendil	proper noun
kopi	kopi	noun
kru	kru	noun
Kiswahili	Kiswahili	noun
Kiswahili	Kiswahili	noun
kaput	kaput	adjective
Khios	Khios	proper noun
kitsch	kitsch	noun
kitsch	kitsch	adjective
Kriol	Kriol	proper noun
knick-knack	knick-knack	noun
knick-knacks	knick-knack	noun:plural
killer	killer	noun
knocker	knocker	noun
knockers	knocker	noun:plural
Khmer	Khmer	proper noun
Kampuchea	Kampuchea	proper noun
keen	keen	adjective
keen	keen	verb:simple_present+
keens	keen	verb:simple_present+
keened	keen	verb:simple_past+
keened	keen	verb:past_participle+
keening	keen	verb:present_participle+
keening	keen	verb:present_participle
keen	keen	noun
kuduk	kuduk	noun
keystone	keystone	noun
kip	kip	noun
kip	kip	verb:simple_present+
kips	kip	verb:simple_present+
???	kip	verb:simple_past+
???	kip	verb:past_participle+
???	kip	verb:present_participle+
Krakow	Krakow	proper noun
kitten	kitten	noun
kittens	kitten	noun:plural
kid	kid	noun
kid	kid	verb:simple_present+transitive
kids	kid	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	kid	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	kid	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	kid	verb:present_participle+transitive
kid	kid	verb:simple_present+intransitive
kids	kid	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	kid	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	kid	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	kid	verb:present_participle+intransitive
ken	ken	noun
ken	ken	verb:simple_present+transitive
kens	ken	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	ken	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	ken	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	ken	verb:present_participle+transitive
ken	ken	proper noun
kleptomaniac	kleptomaniac	noun
klavern	klavern	noun
keepsake	keepsake	noun
knot	knot	noun
knots	knot	noun:plural
knot	knot	verb:simple_present+
knots	knot	verb:simple_present+
???	knot	verb:simple_past+
???	knot	verb:past_participle+
???	knot	verb:present_participle+
katakana	katakana	noun
kaki	kaki	noun
kluski	kluski	noun
KDE	KDE	proper noun
kallis	kallis	adjective
kallis	kallis	noun
kura	kura	adjective
kov	kov	noun
krv	krv	noun
kilosecond	kilosecond	noun
kebab	kebab	noun
kala	kala	noun
kakao	kakao	noun
kale	kale	noun
koza	koza	noun
kubo	kubo	proper noun
kubo	kubo	proper noun
kuba	kuba	proper noun
kuba	kuba	noun
kuba	kuba	proper noun
Keynesian	Keynesian	adjective
kike	kike	noun
kit	kit	noun
kit	kit	verb:simple_present+
kits	kit	verb:simple_present+
???	kit	verb:simple_past+
???	kit	verb:past_participle+
???	kit	verb:present_participle+
kit	kit	adjective
keg	keg	noun
Kentucky	Kentucky	proper noun
kiasu	kiasu	adjective
kiasu	kiasu	noun
keb	keb	proper noun
keeper	keeper	noun
keepers	keeper	noun:plural
kea	kea	noun
Kashmiri	Kashmiri	proper noun
Kashmiri	Kashmiri	adjective
kibbutz	kibbutz	noun
kumquat	kumquat	noun
kine	kine	noun
kegger	kegger	noun
keck	keck	verb:simple_present+intransitive
kecks	keck	verb:simple_present+intransitive
kecked	keck	verb:simple_past+intransitive
kecked	keck	verb:past_participle+intransitive
kecking	keck	verb:present_participle+intransitive
keck	keck	noun
kula	kula	noun
kitchenette	kitchenette	noun
kitchenettes	kitchenette	noun:plural
kitchen	kitchen	noun
kitchens	kitchen	noun:plural
knackered	knackered	adjective
Kolkata	Kolkata	proper noun
kama	kama	noun
Kocani	Kocani	proper noun
kitsune	kitsune	noun
kitsunes	kitsune	noun:plural
krst	krst	noun
krava	krava	noun
kobyla	kobyla	noun
kobyla	kobyla	proper noun
kobier	kobier	noun
kobry	kobry	noun
kobre	kobre	noun
kobru	kobru	noun
kobrou	kobrou	noun
kobrami	kobrami	noun
kobrami	kobrami	noun
kostra	kostra	noun
kostra	kostra	proper noun
kniha	kniha	noun
kupec	kupec	noun
kmotor	kmotor	noun
kmotra	kmotra	noun
kmotra	kmotra	noun
kopija	kopija	noun
kopije	kopije	noun
kudu	kudu	noun
klipspringer	klipspringer	noun
klipspringers	klipspringer	noun:plural
kopje	kopje	noun
kopje	kopje	noun
kraut	kraut	proper noun
kite	kite	noun
kites	kite	noun:plural
kite	kite	verb:simple_present+
kites	kite	verb:simple_present+
kited	kite	verb:simple_past+
kited	kite	verb:past_participle+
kiting	kite	verb:present_participle+
keel	keel	noun
keels	keel	noun:plural
keel	keel	noun
kuttun	kuttun	adjective
kerry	kerry	proper noun
karoo	karoo	proper noun
karoo	karoo	noun
karoos	karoo	noun:plural
Karelian	Karelian	noun
kickboxing	kickboxing	noun
kymatology	kymatology	noun
kilderkin	kilderkin	noun
kneecap	kneecap	noun
kneecaps	kneecap	noun:plural
kneecap	kneecap	verb:simple_present+transitive
kneecaps	kneecap	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	kneecap	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	kneecap	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	kneecap	verb:present_participle+transitive
kneecapping	kneecap	verb:present_participle
kneecapping	kneecapping	noun
kneecappings	kneecapping	noun:plural
kvetch	kvetch	noun
kvetch	kvetch	adjective
kvetch	kvetch	verb:simple_present+
kvetchs	kvetch	verb:simple_present+
kvetched	kvetch	verb:simple_past+
kvetched	kvetch	verb:past_participle+
kvetching	kvetch	verb:present_participle+
Kurdistan	Kurdistan	proper noun
Kurdistan	Kurdistan	proper noun
knuckle	knuckle	noun
knuckles	knuckle	noun:plural
kamikaze	kamikaze	noun
kwacha	kwacha	noun
kizilbash	kizilbash	proper noun
kettle	kettle	noun
kettles	kettle	noun:plural
kalypa	kalypa	noun
katarlpi	katarlpi	noun
kookaburra	kookaburra	noun
kudos	kudos	noun
kolea	kolea	noun
khamsin	khamsin	noun
kumain	kumain	verb:simple_present+
kumains	kumain	verb:simple_present+
kumained	kumain	verb:simple_past+
kumained	kumain	verb:past_participle+
kumaining	kumain	verb:present_participle+
kainin	kainin	verb:simple_present+
kainins	kainin	verb:simple_present+
???	kainin	verb:simple_past+
???	kainin	verb:past_participle+
???	kainin	verb:present_participle+
kunin	kunin	verb:simple_present+
kunins	kunin	verb:simple_present+
???	kunin	verb:simple_past+
???	kunin	verb:past_participle+
???	kunin	verb:present_participle+
kokuji	kokuji	noun
keso	keso	noun
kakke	kakke	noun
kylie	kylie	proper noun
khuzdul	khuzdul	proper noun
kashubian	kashubian	noun
kris	kris	noun
kanapa	kanapa	noun
Kabyle	Kabyle	noun
kakistocracy	kakistocracy	noun
kabuki	kabuki	noun
kalmia	kalmia	noun
kaolin	kaolin	noun
kapok	kapok	noun
kay	kay	noun
kay	kay	noun
keddah	keddah	noun
kelp	kelp	noun
kemp	kemp	noun
keno	keno	noun
kern	kern	noun
kern	kern	verb:simple_present+transitive
kerns	kern	verb:simple_present+transitive
kerned	kern	verb:simple_past+transitive
kerned	kern	verb:past_participle+transitive
kerning	kern	verb:present_participle+transitive
kerning	kern	verb:present_participle
kern	kern	verb:simple_present+intransitive
kerns	kern	verb:simple_present+intransitive
kerned	kern	verb:simple_past+intransitive
kerned	kern	verb:past_participle+intransitive
kerning	kern	verb:present_participle+intransitive
kerned	kerned	adjective
ketone	ketone	noun
khan	khan	noun
kibitz	kibitz	verb:simple_present+intransitive
kibitzs	kibitz	verb:simple_present+intransitive
kibitzed	kibitz	verb:simple_past+intransitive
kibitzed	kibitz	verb:past_participle+intransitive
kibitzing	kibitz	verb:present_participle+intransitive
kirk	kirk	noun
kiva	kiva	noun
klaxon	klaxon	noun
knurl	knurl	noun
knurl	knurl	verb:simple_present+
knurls	knurl	verb:simple_present+
knurled	knurl	verb:simple_past+
knurled	knurl	verb:past_participle+
knurling	knurl	verb:present_participle+
kola	kola	noun
kudo	kudo	noun
kudo	kudo	noun
kudzu	kudzu	noun
kulak	kulak	noun
kinky	kinky	adjective
kedge	kedge	noun
kedge	kedge	verb:simple_present+
kedges	kedge	verb:simple_present+
kedged	kedge	verb:simple_past+
kedged	kedge	verb:past_participle+
kedging	kedge	verb:present_participle+
ketch	ketch	noun
ketch	ketch	verb:simple_present+
ketchs	ketch	verb:simple_present+
ketched	ketch	verb:simple_past+
ketched	ketch	verb:past_participle+
ketching	ketch	verb:present_participle+
knack	knack	noun
knack	knack	verb:simple_present+
knacks	knack	verb:simple_present+
knacked	knack	verb:simple_past+
knacked	knack	verb:past_participle+
knacking	knack	verb:present_participle+
knacker	knacker	noun
knacker	knacker	adjective
knacker	knacker	verb:simple_present+
knackers	knacker	verb:simple_present+
knackered	knacker	verb:simple_past+
knackered	knacker	verb:past_participle+
???	knacker	verb:present_participle+
knapsack	knapsack	noun
knapsacks	knapsack	noun:plural
knapsack	knapsack	verb:simple_present+
knapsacks	knapsack	verb:simple_present+
knapsacked	knapsack	verb:simple_past+
knapsacked	knapsack	verb:past_participle+
knapsacking	knapsack	verb:present_participle+
knapsacking	knapsack	verb:present_participle
knave	knave	noun
knead	knead	verb:simple_present+
kneads	knead	verb:simple_present+
kneaded	knead	verb:simple_past+
kneaded	knead	verb:past_participle+
kneading	knead	verb:present_participle+
kneading	knead	verb:present_participle
khakis	khakis	noun
kludge	kludge	noun
kerfuffle	kerfuffle	noun
kewl	kewl	adjective
kaviyu	kaviyu	noun
kingfish	kingfish	noun
kingfishes	kingfish	noun:plural
koumpounophobia	koumpounophobia	noun
Kurt	Kurt	proper noun
kibitzing	kibitzing	noun
kindly	kindly	adverbe
khyber	khyber	noun
khybers	khyber	noun:plural
kaph	kaph	noun
kaf	kaf	noun
khat	khat	noun
kat	kat	noun
Katie	Katie	proper noun
karaoke	karaoke	noun
ketchup	ketchup	noun
keratin	keratin	noun
kiln	kiln	noun
klimp	klimp	noun
kunia	kunia	verb:simple_present+
kunias	kunia	verb:simple_present+
kuniad	kunia	verb:simple_past+
kuniad	kunia	verb:past_participle+
kuniing	kunia	verb:present_participle+
ku	ku	verb:simple_present+
kus	ku	verb:simple_present+
kued	ku	verb:simple_past+
kued	ku	verb:past_participle+
kuing	ku	verb:present_participle+
ku	ku	noun
ku	ku	verb:simple_present+
kus	ku	verb:simple_present+
kued	ku	verb:simple_past+
kued	ku	verb:past_participle+
kuing	ku	verb:present_participle+
kya	kya	verb:simple_present+
kyas	kya	verb:simple_present+
kyad	kya	verb:simple_past+
kyad	kya	verb:past_participle+
kying	kya	verb:present_participle+
kurtosis	kurtosis	noun
kanaka	kanaka	noun
kanaka	kanaka	noun
kilometers	kilometers	noun
kopeck	kopeck	noun
kopek	kopek	noun
kwanzaa	kwanzaa	proper noun
killjoy	killjoy	noun
kinetic	kinetic	adjective
krotoscope	krotoscope	noun
kindred	kindred	noun
kindred	kindred	noun
Krishna	Krishna	proper noun
kapampangan	kapampangan	noun
kapampangan	kapampangan	adjective
kaapi	kaapi	noun
kaaktuq	kaaktuq	adjective
kamik	kamik	noun
kingaq	kingaq	noun
kiinaujaq	kiinaujaq	noun
kiinaq	kiinaq	noun
karoti	karoti	verb:simple_present+
karotis	karoti	verb:simple_present+
karotied	karoti	verb:simple_past+
karotied	karoti	verb:past_participle+
karotiing	karoti	verb:present_participle+
Kansas	Kansas	proper noun
kerb	kerb	noun
kitty	kitty	noun
kitties	kitty	noun:plural
kaskaha	kaskaha	noun
kashmir	kashmir	proper noun
Kent	Kent	proper noun
Kernewek	Kernewek	proper noun
Kevlar	Kevlar	noun
Kremlinology	Kremlinology	noun
katzenjammer	katzenjammer	noun
katzenjammer	katzenjammer	adjective
knobble	knobble	noun
knobbles	knobble	noun:plural
keeped	keeped	verb:simple_present+
keepeds	keeped	verb:simple_present+
???	keeped	verb:simple_past+
???	keeped	verb:past_participle+
???	keeped	verb:present_participle+
kowtow	kowtow	verb:simple_present+intransitive
kowtows	kowtow	verb:simple_present+intransitive
kowtowed	kowtow	verb:simple_past+intransitive
kowtowed	kowtow	verb:past_participle+intransitive
kowtowing	kowtow	verb:present_participle+intransitive
kowtow	kowtow	noun
know-how	know-how	noun
kokyo	kokyo	noun
kilobase	kilobase	noun
kilobases	kilobase	noun:plural
kazoo	kazoo	noun
kahuna	kahuna	noun
kielbasa	kielbasa	noun
kasha	kasha	noun
kaleidoscope	kaleidoscope	noun
kerygma	kerygma	noun
kibosh	kibosh	noun
klutz	klutz	noun
kavass	kavass	noun
kumiss	kumiss	noun
kamasutra	kamasutra	proper noun
karma	karma	noun
kink	kink	noun
kink	kink	verb:simple_present+
kinks	kink	verb:simple_present+
kinked	kink	verb:simple_past+
kinked	kink	verb:past_participle+
kinking	kink	verb:present_participle+
keelhaul	keelhaul	verb:simple_present+transitive
keelhauls	keelhaul	verb:simple_present+transitive
keelhauled	keelhaul	verb:simple_past+transitive
keelhauled	keelhaul	verb:past_participle+transitive
keelhauling	keelhaul	verb:present_participle+transitive
kraal	kraal	noun
kiss-up	kiss-up	noun
kiss-ups	kiss-up	noun:plural
kiss-up	kiss-up	verb:simple_present+
kiss-ups	kiss-up	verb:simple_present+
???	kiss-up	verb:simple_past+
???	kiss-up	verb:past_participle+
???	kiss-up	verb:present_participle+
kings	kings	proper noun
kings	kings	noun
kilt	kilt	noun
ketose	ketose	noun
knap	knap	verb:simple_present+
knaps	knap	verb:simple_present+
???	knap	verb:simple_past+
???	knap	verb:past_participle+
???	knap	verb:present_participle+
kiboze	kiboze	verb:simple_present+
kibozes	kiboze	verb:simple_present+
kibozed	kiboze	verb:simple_past+
kibozed	kiboze	verb:past_participle+
kibozing	kiboze	verb:present_participle+
Kirsten	Kirsten	proper noun
knagg	knagg	noun
knaggen	knagg	noun:plural
knaggie	knaggie	noun
knaggy	knaggy	adjective
knob	knob	noun
kinesics	kinesics	noun
Kevin	Kevin	proper noun
Kevins	Kevin	proper noun:plural
keenness	keenness	noun
kettledrum	kettledrum	noun
keyhole	keyhole	noun
keyring	keyring	noun
kidnap	kidnap	verb:simple_present+transitive
kidnaps	kidnap	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	kidnap	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	kidnap	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	kidnap	verb:present_participle+transitive
kidnapping	kidnap	verb:present_participle
kidnap	kidnap	noun
kidnapper	kidnapper	noun
kilobit	kilobit	noun
kilobyte	kilobyte	noun
kilowatt	kilowatt	noun
kilowatt-hour	kilowatt-hour	noun
kindhearted	kindhearted	adjective
kindness	kindness	noun
kingly	kingly	adjective
kingly	kingly	adverbe
kiosk	kiosk	noun
kiosks	kiosk	noun:plural
kipper	kipper	noun
kipper	kipper	verb:simple_present+transitive
kippers	kipper	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	kipper	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	kipper	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	kipper	verb:present_participle+transitive
kitbag	kitbag	noun
knickers	knickers	interjection
knitting	knitting	noun
knobby	knobby	adjective
knockdown	knockdown	noun
knockdown	knockdown	adjective
knoll	knoll	noun
knoll	knoll	verb:simple_present+
knolls	knoll	verb:simple_present+
knolled	knoll	verb:simple_past+
knolled	knoll	verb:past_participle+
knolling	knoll	verb:present_participle+
knell	knell	verb:simple_present+
knells	knell	verb:simple_present+
knelled	knell	verb:simple_past+
knelled	knell	verb:past_participle+
knelling	knell	verb:present_participle+
knell	knell	noun
knotweed	knotweed	noun
knowing	knowing	adjective
konstig	konstig	adjective
keyserver	keyserver	noun
konocar	konocar	verb:simple_present+
konocars	konocar	verb:simple_present+
???	konocar	verb:simple_past+
???	konocar	verb:past_participle+
???	konocar	verb:present_participle+
kozo	kozo	noun
kontrolar	kontrolar	verb:simple_present+
kontrolars	kontrolar	verb:simple_present+
???	kontrolar	verb:simple_past+
???	kontrolar	verb:past_participle+
???	kontrolar	verb:present_participle+
komuna	komuna	adjective
kaudo	kaudo	noun
klara	klara	adjective
kontenar	kontenar	verb:simple_present+
kontenars	kontenar	verb:simple_present+
???	kontenar	verb:simple_past+
???	kontenar	verb:past_participle+
???	kontenar	verb:present_participle+
korekta	korekta	adjective
Kafkaesque	Kafkaesque	adjective
kriar	kriar	verb:simple_present+
kriars	kriar	verb:simple_present+
kriared	kriar	verb:simple_past+
kriared	kriar	verb:past_participle+
kriaring	kriar	verb:present_participle+
killing	killing	verbal noun
killing	killing	noun
killing	killing	adjective
killing	killing	proper noun
kapabla	kapabla	adjective
kustumar	kustumar	verb:simple_present+
kustumars	kustumar	verb:simple_present+
???	kustumar	verb:simple_past+
???	kustumar	verb:past_participle+
???	kustumar	verb:present_participle+
knock-on	knock-on	noun
knock-ons	knock-on	noun:plural
kermit	kermit	proper noun
Karl	Karl	proper noun
karate	karate	noun
kidding	kidding	noun
kismet	kismet	noun
Koine	Koine	proper noun
kook	kook	noun
kong	kong	adjective
kong	kong	proper noun
kaiser	kaiser	noun
kalium	kalium	noun
kalium	kalium	noun
kinder	kinder	adjective
kinder	kinder	noun
kaliom	kaliom	noun
kalis	kalis	noun
knifing	knifing	noun
knifings	knifing	noun:plural
kinkajou	kinkajou	noun
kinkajous	kinkajou	noun:plural
kickback	kickback	noun
kehillah	kehillah	noun
khaddar	khaddar	noun
klismaphilia	klismaphilia	noun
klismaphile	klismaphile	noun
Kawasaki	Kawasaki	proper noun
ka	ka	verb:simple_present+transitive
kas	ka	verb:simple_present+transitive
kad	ka	verb:simple_past+transitive
kad	ka	verb:past_participle+transitive
king	ka	verb:present_participle+transitive
knee-jerk	knee-jerk	adjective
kinship	kinship	noun
kinships	kinship	noun:plural
kludgy	kludgy	adjective
kerching	kerching	interjection
kidology	kidology	noun
karat	karat	noun
kretino	kretino	noun
kersnuggle	kersnuggle	verb:simple_present+
kersnuggles	kersnuggle	verb:simple_present+
kersnuggled	kersnuggle	verb:simple_past+
kersnuggled	kersnuggle	verb:past_participle+
kersnuggling	kersnuggle	verb:present_participle+
kunstleroman	kunstleroman	noun
kedutaan	kedutaan	noun
kibibyte	kibibyte	noun
kibibytes	kibibyte	noun:plural
kuwola	kuwola	verb:simple_present+
kuwolas	kuwola	verb:simple_present+
kuwolad	kuwola	verb:simple_past+
kuwolad	kuwola	verb:past_participle+
kuwoling	kuwola	verb:present_participle+
kela	kela	noun
kinda	kinda	adverbe
kindsa	kindsa	adverbe
kpe	kpe	noun
knowbot	knowbot	noun
Knossos	Knossos	proper noun
kithe	kithe	verb:simple_present+
kithes	kithe	verb:simple_present+
kithed	kithe	verb:simple_past+
kithed	kithe	verb:past_participle+
kithing	kithe	verb:present_participle+
kelly	kelly	proper noun
Keith	Keith	proper noun
Kamboj	Kamboj	noun
Kambojs	Kamboj	noun:plural
Kamboj	Kamboj	adjective
Kamboja	Kamboja	noun
Kambojas	Kamboja	noun:plural
Kamboja	Kamboja	adjective
Kamboja	Kamboja	proper noun
kakau	kakau	verb:simple_present+
kakaus	kakau	verb:simple_present+
kakaued	kakau	verb:simple_past+
kakaued	kakau	verb:past_participle+
kakauing	kakau	verb:present_participle+
kakau	kakau	verb:simple_present+
kakaus	kakau	verb:simple_present+
kakaued	kakau	verb:simple_past+
kakaued	kakau	verb:past_participle+
kakauing	kakau	verb:present_participle+
kamboji	kamboji	noun
kamboji	kamboji	adjective
Kambojas	Kambojas	proper noun
Kamboh	Kamboh	noun
Kambohs	Kamboh	noun:plural
Kamboh	Kamboh	adjective
koud	koud	adjective
kecapi	kecapi	noun
Kambujiya	Kambujiya	proper noun
kenneth	kenneth	proper noun
kila	kila	verb:simple_present+
kilas	kila	verb:simple_present+
kilad	kila	verb:simple_past+
kilad	kila	verb:past_participle+
kiling	kila	verb:present_participle+
kau	kau	verb:simple_present+
kaus	kau	verb:simple_present+
kaued	kau	verb:simple_past+
kaued	kau	verb:past_participle+
kauing	kau	verb:present_participle+
kau	kau	verb:simple_present+
kaus	kau	verb:simple_present+
kaued	kau	verb:simple_past+
kaued	kau	verb:past_participle+
kauing	kau	verb:present_participle+
kau	kau	verb:simple_present+
kaus	kau	verb:simple_present+
kaued	kau	verb:simple_past+
kaued	kau	verb:past_participle+
kauing	kau	verb:present_participle+
kinfolk	kinfolk	noun
kinfolks	kinfolk	noun:plural
klb	klb	noun
klbt	klbt	noun
kilocalorie	kilocalorie	noun
kilocalories	kilocalorie	noun:plural
kinematics	kinematics	noun
karass	karass	noun
Kat	Kat	proper noun
Kim	Kim	proper noun
Kiwi	Kiwi	proper noun
Kiwis	Kiwi	proper noun:plural
Kraken	Kraken	proper noun
Kilimanjaro	Kilimanjaro	proper noun
kilter	kilter	noun
kakorrhaphiophobia	kakorrhaphiophobia	noun
koine	koine	noun
Kambojaka	Kambojaka	noun
Kambojakas	Kambojaka	noun:plural
Kambojaka	Kambojaka	adjective
kneepan	kneepan	noun
kneepans	kneepan	noun:plural
kneejerk	kneejerk	adjective
kneejerk	kneejerk	noun
Kate	Kate	proper noun
KT	KT	noun
kir	kir	noun
kirs	kir	noun:plural
kir	kir	noun
kicker	kicker	noun
kanganomics	kanganomics	noun
Karm	Karm	proper noun
kafir	kafir	noun
kaffir	kaffir	noun
kalam	kalam	noun
kalima	kalima	noun
Khadija	Khadija	proper noun
Khoja	Khoja	noun
Khojas	Khoja	noun:plural
Koreish	Koreish	proper noun
Kaizen	Kaizen	noun
Kanban	Kanban	noun
kickboard	kickboard	noun
Kapingamarangi	Kapingamarangi	proper noun
Kapingamarangi	Kapingamarangi	adjective
kinesiology	kinesiology	noun
knows	knows	verb:simple_present+
knowss	knows	verb:simple_present+
knowsed	knows	verb:simple_past+
knowsed	knows	verb:past_participle+
knowsing	knows	verb:present_participle+
kelaguen	kelaguen	noun
kisses	kisses	noun
Kiruna	Kiruna	proper noun
knees	knees	noun
Ki.	Ki.	noun
klick	klick	noun
klicks	klick	noun:plural
kissed	kissed	verb:simple_present+
kisseds	kissed	verb:simple_present+
???	kissed	verb:simple_past+
???	kissed	verb:past_participle+
???	kissed	verb:present_participle+
knocked	knocked	verb:simple_present+
knockeds	knocked	verb:simple_present+
???	knocked	verb:simple_past+
???	knocked	verb:past_participle+
???	knocked	verb:present_participle+
kaboom	kaboom	noun
knuckleball	knuckleball	noun
knuckleballs	knuckleball	noun:plural
knuckler	knuckler	noun
knucklers	knuckler	noun:plural
karst	karst	noun
kipe	kipe	noun
kipe	kipe	verb:simple_present+
kipes	kipe	verb:simple_present+
kiped	kipe	verb:simple_past+
kiped	kipe	verb:past_participle+
kiping	kipe	verb:present_participle+
kindergarten	kindergarten	noun
kindergartens	kindergarten	noun:plural
kaon	kaon	noun
kowhai	kowhai	noun
knees-up	knees-up	noun
Knaggs	Knaggs	proper noun
Karen	Karen	proper noun
kimfal	kimfal	noun
kimafal	kimafal	noun
kimefal	kimefal	noun
kimifal	kimifal	noun
kenosis	kenosis	noun
kapellmeister	kapellmeister	noun
Kolombia	Kolombia	proper noun
Kinderwurst	Kinderwurst	noun
kinibatde	kinibatde	verb:simple_present+
kinibatdes	kinibatde	verb:simple_present+
kinibatded	kinibatde	verb:simple_past+
kinibatded	kinibatde	verb:past_participle+
kinibatding	kinibatde	verb:present_participle+
