January	January	noun
June	June	noun
July	July	noun
Japan	Japan	proper noun
jiffy	jiffy	noun
jiffies	jiffy	noun:plural
jitter	jitter	verb:simple_present+intransitive
jitters	jitter	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	jitter	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	jitter	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	jitter	verb:present_participle+intransitive
jitter	jitter	noun
jitters	jitter	noun:plural
Jamaica	Jamaica	proper noun
Jupiter	Jupiter	proper noun
Jordan	Jordan	proper noun
jacobian	jacobian	adjective
Japanese	Japanese	noun
Japanese	Japanese	adjective
jack	jack	noun
jacks	jack	noun:plural
jack	jack	verb:simple_present+transitive
jacks	jack	verb:simple_present+transitive
jacked	jack	verb:simple_past+transitive
jacked	jack	verb:past_participle+transitive
jacking	jack	verb:present_participle+transitive
jack	jack	interjection
jump	jump	verb:simple_present+
jumps	jump	verb:simple_present+
jumped	jump	verb:simple_past+
jumped	jump	verb:past_participle+
jumping	jump	verb:present_participle+
jump	jump	noun
Jehovah	Jehovah	proper noun
jargon	jargon	noun
Jharkhand	Jharkhand	proper noun
juxtaposition	juxtaposition	noun
johor	johor	proper noun
Jaipur	Jaipur	proper noun
jellyfish	jellyfish	noun
jerk	jerk	noun
jerks	jerk	noun:plural
jerk	jerk	verb:simple_present+
jerks	jerk	verb:simple_present+
jerked	jerk	verb:simple_past+
jerked	jerk	verb:past_participle+
jerking	jerk	verb:present_participle+
jerking	jerk	verb:present_participle
jubilant	jubilant	adjective
jackdaw	jackdaw	noun
jackdaws	jackdaw	noun:plural
jeer	jeer	noun
jeer	jeer	verb:simple_present+intransitive
jeers	jeer	verb:simple_present+intransitive
jeered	jeer	verb:simple_past+intransitive
jeered	jeer	verb:past_participle+intransitive
jeering	jeer	verb:present_participle+intransitive
jeer	jeer	verb:simple_present+transitive
jeers	jeer	verb:simple_present+transitive
jeered	jeer	verb:simple_past+transitive
jeered	jeer	verb:past_participle+transitive
jeering	jeer	verb:present_participle+transitive
jeer	jeer	noun
journey	journey	noun
journey	journey	verb:simple_present+
journeys	journey	verb:simple_present+
journeyed	journey	verb:simple_past+
journeyed	journey	verb:past_participle+
journeying	journey	verb:present_participle+
jonetot	jonetot	noun
jasid	jasid	noun
jay	jay	noun
jays	jay	noun:plural
jay	jay	proper noun
join	join	verb:simple_present+
joins	join	verb:simple_present+
joined	join	verb:simple_past+
joined	join	verb:past_participle+
joining	join	verb:present_participle+
joining	join	verb:present_participle
join	join	noun
joins	join	noun:plural
jewel	jewel	noun
judge	judge	noun
judges	judge	noun:plural
judge	judge	verb:simple_present+
judges	judge	verb:simple_present+
judged	judge	verb:simple_past+
judged	judge	verb:past_participle+
judging	judge	verb:present_participle+
Jew	Jew	proper noun
j	j	noun
jyutping	jyutping	noun
jehovist	jehovist	noun
jehovistic	jehovistic	adjective
jehu	jehu	noun
jeffersonite	jeffersonite	noun
jag	jag	noun
jag	jag	verb:simple_present+
jags	jag	verb:simple_present+
???	jag	verb:simple_past+
???	jag	verb:past_participle+
???	jag	verb:present_participle+
jaguar	jaguar	noun
jaundice	jaundice	noun
jaundice	jaundice	verb:simple_present+transitive
jaundices	jaundice	verb:simple_present+transitive
jaundiced	jaundice	verb:simple_past+transitive
jaundiced	jaundice	verb:past_participle+transitive
jaundicing	jaundice	verb:present_participle+transitive
jaundiced	jaundiced	adjective
jaunt	jaunt	verb:simple_present+intransitive
jaunts	jaunt	verb:simple_present+intransitive
jaunted	jaunt	verb:simple_past+intransitive
jaunted	jaunt	verb:past_participle+intransitive
jaunting	jaunt	verb:present_participle+intransitive
jaunt	jaunt	verb:simple_present+transitive
jaunts	jaunt	verb:simple_present+transitive
jaunted	jaunt	verb:simple_past+transitive
jaunted	jaunt	verb:past_participle+transitive
jaunting	jaunt	verb:present_participle+transitive
jaunt	jaunt	noun
jauntily	jauntily	adverbe
jauntiness	jauntiness	adjective
jaunty	jaunty	adjective
jaunty	jaunty	adjective
jet	jet	noun
jet	jet	verb:simple_present+intransitive
jets	jet	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	jet	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	jet	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	jet	verb:present_participle+intransitive
jet	jet	adjective
jib	jib	noun
jip	jip	noun
jibe	jibe	noun
jibe	jibe	verb:simple_present+intransitive
jibes	jibe	verb:simple_present+intransitive
jibed	jibe	verb:simple_past+intransitive
jibed	jibe	verb:past_participle+intransitive
jibing	jibe	verb:present_participle+intransitive
jibe	jibe	verb:simple_present+transitive
jibes	jibe	verb:simple_present+transitive
jibed	jibe	verb:simple_past+transitive
jibed	jibe	verb:past_participle+transitive
jibing	jibe	verb:present_participle+transitive
juggernaut	juggernaut	noun
jest	jest	noun
jest	jest	verb:simple_present+
jests	jest	verb:simple_present+
jested	jest	verb:simple_past+
jested	jest	verb:past_participle+
jesting	jest	verb:present_participle+
jesting	jest	verb:present_participle
jest	jest	verb:simple_present+intransitive
jests	jest	verb:simple_present+intransitive
jested	jest	verb:simple_past+intransitive
jested	jest	verb:past_participle+intransitive
jesting	jest	verb:present_participle+intransitive
jest	jest	verb:simple_present+transitive
jests	jest	verb:simple_present+transitive
jested	jest	verb:simple_past+transitive
jested	jest	verb:past_participle+transitive
jesting	jest	verb:present_participle+transitive
Jakarta	Jakarta	proper noun
Java	Java	proper noun
Jerusalem	Jerusalem	proper noun
Juneau	Juneau	proper noun
Johannesburg	Johannesburg	proper noun
jackboot	jackboot	noun
jamaican	jamaican	noun
jamaican	jamaican	adjective
jordanian	jordanian	noun
jordanian	jordanian	adjective
joule	joule	noun
Jan	Jan	proper noun
judo	judo	noun
jersey	jersey	proper noun
jersey	jersey	noun
jerseys	jersey	noun:plural
jackal	jackal	noun
jandal	jandal	noun
jandals	jandal	noun:plural
juice	juice	noun
juices	juice	noun:plural
juice	juice	verb:simple_present+transitive
juices	juice	verb:simple_present+transitive
juiced	juice	verb:simple_past+transitive
juiced	juice	verb:past_participle+transitive
juicing	juice	verb:present_participle+transitive
jaw	jaw	noun
jaws	jaw	noun:plural
jaw	jaw	verb:simple_present+
jaws	jaw	verb:simple_present+
???	jaw	verb:simple_past+
???	jaw	verb:past_participle+
???	jaw	verb:present_participle+
jaw	jaw	verb:simple_present+
jaws	jaw	verb:simple_present+
???	jaw	verb:simple_past+
???	jaw	verb:past_participle+
???	jaw	verb:present_participle+
jackass	jackass	noun
jenny-ass	jenny-ass	noun
jenny	jenny	noun
Jesus	Jesus	proper noun
Jesus	Jesus	interjection
jackrabbit	jackrabbit	noun
joy	joy	noun
joys	joy	noun:plural
just	just	adjective
just	just	adverbe
just	just	verb:simple_present+
justs	just	verb:simple_present+
justed	just	verb:simple_past+
justed	just	verb:past_participle+
justing	just	verb:present_participle+
jim	jim	proper noun
job	job	noun
jobs	job	noun:plural
job	job	proper noun
job	job	verb:simple_present+
jobs	job	verb:simple_present+
???	job	verb:simple_past+
???	job	verb:past_participle+
???	job	verb:present_participle+
jayhawk	jayhawk	proper noun
jayhawker	jayhawker	noun
jayhawkers	jayhawker	noun:plural
joey	joey	noun
joeys	joey	noun:plural
joey	joey	proper noun
jam	jam	noun
jams	jam	noun:plural
jam	jam	verb:simple_present+
jams	jam	verb:simple_present+
???	jam	verb:simple_past+
???	jam	verb:past_participle+
???	jam	verb:present_participle+
jelly	jelly	noun
jellies	jelly	noun:plural
jamjar	jamjar	noun
jamjars	jamjar	noun:plural
jumpy	jumpy	adjective
joker	joker	noun
jokers	joker	noun:plural
joker	joker	proper noun
ju	ju	interjection
jerman	jerman	noun
jerman	jerman	adjective
jerman	jerman	noun
jerman	jerman	adjective
junk	junk	noun
junk	junk	verb:simple_present+
junks	junk	verb:simple_present+
junked	junk	verb:simple_past+
junked	junk	verb:past_participle+
junking	junk	verb:present_participle+
jetsam	jetsam	noun
jolly	jolly	adjective
Joseph	Joseph	proper noun
Joe	Joe	proper noun
Joe	Joe	noun
jagh	jagh	noun
junction	junction	noun
Jura	Jura	proper noun
Jakub	Jakub	proper noun
jailbait	jailbait	noun
junior	junior	adjective
jacket	jacket	noun
jackets	jacket	noun:plural
jade	jade	noun
jade	jade	adjective
japanize	japanize	verb:simple_present+transitive
japanizes	japanize	verb:simple_present+transitive
japanized	japanize	verb:simple_past+transitive
japanized	japanize	verb:past_participle+transitive
japanizing	japanize	verb:present_participle+transitive
jab	jab	noun
jab	jab	verb:simple_present+
jabs	jab	verb:simple_present+
???	jab	verb:simple_past+
???	jab	verb:past_participle+
???	jab	verb:present_participle+
jabbing	jab	verb:present_participle
jeep	jeep	noun
justification	justification	noun
jap	jap	noun
joke	joke	noun
jokes	joke	noun:plural
joke	joke	verb:simple_present+intransitive
jokes	joke	verb:simple_present+intransitive
joked	joke	verb:simple_past+intransitive
joked	joke	verb:past_participle+intransitive
joking	joke	verb:present_participle+intransitive
Jerusalemo	Jerusalemo	proper noun
joyous	joyous	adjective
jaghirdar	jaghirdar	noun
jaghir	jaghir	noun
jarl	jarl	noun
jackpudding	jackpudding	noun
Jewess	Jewess	proper noun
Jewesses	Jewess	proper noun:plural
jazz	jazz	noun
jazz	jazz	verb:simple_present+
jazzs	jazz	verb:simple_present+
jazzed	jazz	verb:simple_past+
jazzed	jazz	verb:past_participle+
jazzing	jazz	verb:present_participle+
jharal	jharal	noun
Jacky	Jacky	proper noun
Jackie	Jackie	proper noun
joystick	joystick	noun
joysticks	joystick	noun:plural
jammy	jammy	adjective
jazykovedec	jazykovedec	noun
jerboa	jerboa	noun
jerboas	jerboa	noun:plural
Juliet	Juliet	proper noun
James	James	proper noun
Jacob	Jacob	proper noun
jugular	jugular	noun
jugulars	jugular	noun:plural
jugular	jugular	adjective
judoka	judoka	noun
jak	jak	proper noun
Jr	Jr	proper noun
juglandaceous	juglandaceous	adjective
Juglandaceae	Juglandaceae	proper noun
jar	jar	noun
jars	jar	noun:plural
jar	jar	verb:simple_present+transitive
jars	jar	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	jar	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	jar	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	jar	verb:present_participle+transitive
jarring	jar	verb:present_participle
Jones	Jones	proper noun
Joneses	Jones	proper noun:plural
jail	jail	noun
jails	jail	noun:plural
jail	jail	verb:simple_present+transitive
jails	jail	verb:simple_present+transitive
jailed	jail	verb:simple_past+transitive
jailed	jail	verb:past_participle+transitive
jailing	jail	verb:present_participle+transitive
jailing	jail	verb:present_participle
joint	joint	noun
joints	joint	noun:plural
joint	joint	adjective
jazerant	jazerant	noun
jinriksha	jinriksha	noun
jack-knife	jack-knife	noun
jack-knife	jack-knife	verb:simple_present+
jack-knifes	jack-knife	verb:simple_present+
jack-knifed	jack-knife	verb:simple_past+
jack-knifed	jack-knife	verb:past_participle+
jack-knifing	jack-knife	verb:present_participle+
jarnpa	jarnpa	noun
justice	justice	noun
jazeraint	jazeraint	noun
jazeraint	jazeraint	adjective
JLAvengers	JLAvengers	noun
jidysz	jidysz	noun
Jimmy	Jimmy	proper noun
Jimmy	Jimmy	noun
jibber	jibber	noun
javelin	javelin	noun
jologs	jologs	noun
jologs	jologs	adjective
jologs	jologs	verb:simple_present+
jologss	jologs	verb:simple_present+
jologsed	jologs	verb:simple_past+
jologsed	jologs	verb:past_participle+
jologsing	jologs	verb:present_participle+
jobbie	jobbie	noun
jobbies	jobbie	noun:plural
john	john	noun
johns	john	noun:plural
john	john	proper noun
jagger	jagger	noun
jakes	jakes	noun
jalopy	jalopy	noun
jejune	jejune	adjective
jerker	jerker	noun
Jess	Jess	proper noun
jessed	jessed	adjective
jig	jig	noun
jigger	jigger	noun
jigger	jigger	verb:simple_present+
jiggers	jigger	verb:simple_present+
???	jigger	verb:simple_past+
???	jigger	verb:past_participle+
jiggering	jigger	verb:present_participle+
jill	jill	noun
jilt	jilt	verb:simple_present+
jilts	jilt	verb:simple_present+
jilted	jilt	verb:simple_past+
jilted	jilt	verb:past_participle+
jilting	jilt	verb:present_participle+
joggle	joggle	verb:simple_present+
joggles	joggle	verb:simple_present+
joggled	joggle	verb:simple_past+
joggled	joggle	verb:past_participle+
joggling	joggle	verb:present_participle+
jolter	jolter	noun
joss	joss	noun
jot	jot	noun
jotter	jotter	noun
jounce	jounce	verb:simple_present+
jounces	jounce	verb:simple_present+
jounced	jounce	verb:simple_past+
jounced	jounce	verb:past_participle+
jouncing	jounce	verb:present_participle+
jowl	jowl	noun
jugate	jugate	verb:simple_present+
jugates	jugate	verb:simple_present+
jugated	jugate	verb:simple_past+
jugated	jugate	verb:past_participle+
jugating	jugate	verb:present_participle+
jujube	jujube	noun
juke	juke	verb:simple_present+
jukes	juke	verb:simple_present+
juked	juke	verb:simple_past+
juked	juke	verb:past_participle+
juking	juke	verb:present_participle+
julep	julep	noun
junco	junco	noun
junker	junker	noun
junta	junta	noun
jute	jute	noun
jailer	jailer	noun
jollification	jollification	noun
joust	joust	verb:simple_present+
jousts	joust	verb:simple_present+
jousted	joust	verb:simple_past+
jousted	joust	verb:past_participle+
jousting	joust	verb:present_participle+
jabber	jabber	noun
jabber	jabber	verb:simple_present+
jabbers	jabber	verb:simple_present+
???	jabber	verb:simple_past+
???	jabber	verb:past_participle+
???	jabber	verb:present_participle+
jape	jape	verb:simple_present+
japes	jape	verb:simple_present+
japed	jape	verb:simple_past+
japed	jape	verb:past_participle+
japing	jape	verb:present_participle+
javanese	javanese	adjective
jubilation	jubilation	noun
judaization	judaization	noun
jat	jat	proper noun
jalousie	jalousie	noun
jewfish	jewfish	noun
jive	jive	verb:simple_present+
jives	jive	verb:simple_present+
jived	jive	verb:simple_past+
jived	jive	verb:past_participle+
jiving	jive	verb:present_participle+
jive	jive	noun
joanna	joanna	noun
joannas	joanna	noun:plural
jove	jove	noun
jewry	jewry	proper noun
Judaism	Judaism	proper noun
Jewish	Jewish	adjective
joygasm	joygasm	noun
joygasms	joygasm	noun:plural
Jason	Jason	proper noun
jean	jean	noun
jean	jean	proper noun
jokes	jokes	noun
jokes	jokes	adjective
Jessica	Jessica	proper noun
jury	jury	noun
jurisprudence	jurisprudence	noun
Judah	Judah	noun
jungle	jungle	noun
jungles	jungle	noun:plural
jibbeur	jibbeur	noun
jeans	jeans	noun
jerry	jerry	proper noun
jerry	jerry	noun
joan	joan	proper noun
joan	joan	noun
juno	juno	noun
johnson	johnson	noun
jackaroo	jackaroo	noun
jackaroos	jackaroo	noun:plural
jackaroo	jackaroo	verb:simple_present+
jackarooes	jackaroo	verb:simple_present+
jackarooed	jackaroo	verb:simple_past+
jackarooed	jackaroo	verb:past_participle+
jackarooing	jackaroo	verb:present_participle+
jackarooing	jackaroo	verb:present_participle
Jurassic	Jurassic	adjective
Jurassic	Jurassic	proper noun
judgment	judgment	noun
judgments	judgment	noun:plural
jun	jun	noun
jawn	jawn	noun
jawns	jawn	noun:plural
jug	jug	noun
jugs	jug	noun:plural
jug	jug	verb:simple_present+transitive
jugs	jug	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	jug	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	jug	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	jug	verb:present_participle+transitive
jugging	jug	verb:present_participle
jealousy	jealousy	noun
judgement	judgement	noun
journal	journal	noun
jettison	jettison	noun
jettison	jettison	verb:simple_present+
jettisons	jettison	verb:simple_present+
jettisoned	jettison	verb:simple_past+
jettisoned	jettison	verb:past_participle+
???	jettison	verb:present_participle+
joyful	joyful	adjective
janissary	janissary	noun
janissaries	janissary	noun:plural
Jodhpur	Jodhpur	proper noun
jerky	jerky	adjective
jerky	jerky	noun
jihad	jihad	noun
jehad	jehad	noun
junkie	junkie	noun
junky	junky	noun
jane	jane	proper noun
jeopardy	jeopardy	noun
jackpot	jackpot	noun
jackpots	jackpot	noun:plural
jpg	jpg	noun
jazzy	jazzy	adjective
jarrah	jarrah	noun
juxtapose	juxtapose	verb:simple_present+
juxtaposes	juxtapose	verb:simple_present+
juxtaposed	juxtapose	verb:simple_past+
juxtaposed	juxtapose	verb:past_participle+
juxtaposing	juxtapose	verb:present_participle+
jaggerbush	jaggerbush	noun
jetski	jetski	noun
Jeffrey	Jeffrey	proper noun
judy	judy	proper noun
judith	judith	proper noun
jewellery	jewellery	noun
journalist	journalist	noun
jog	jog	noun
jog	jog	verb:simple_present+
jogs	jog	verb:simple_present+
???	jog	verb:simple_past+
???	jog	verb:past_participle+
???	jog	verb:present_participle+
Janet	Janet	proper noun
jose	jose	proper noun
judas	judas	noun
jerrybuild	jerrybuild	verb:simple_present+
jerrybuilds	jerrybuild	verb:simple_present+
jerrybuilded	jerrybuild	verb:simple_past+
jerrybuilded	jerrybuild	verb:past_participle+
jerrybuilding	jerrybuild	verb:present_participle+
jerryrig	jerryrig	verb:simple_present+
jerryrigs	jerryrig	verb:simple_present+
???	jerryrig	verb:simple_past+
???	jerryrig	verb:past_participle+
???	jerryrig	verb:present_participle+
Jackson	Jackson	proper noun
jarhead	jarhead	noun
jarheads	jarhead	noun:plural
jizz	jizz	noun
jizz	jizz	verb:simple_present+
jizzs	jizz	verb:simple_present+
jizzed	jizz	verb:simple_past+
jizzed	jizz	verb:past_participle+
jizzing	jizz	verb:present_participle+
jizz	jizz	verb:simple_present+intransitive
jizzs	jizz	verb:simple_present+intransitive
jizzed	jizz	verb:simple_past+intransitive
jizzed	jizz	verb:past_participle+intransitive
jizzing	jizz	verb:present_participle+intransitive
jizz	jizz	verb:simple_present+transitive
jizzs	jizz	verb:simple_present+transitive
jizzed	jizz	verb:simple_past+transitive
jizzed	jizz	verb:past_participle+transitive
jizzing	jizz	verb:present_participle+transitive
jurat	jurat	noun
jocose	jocose	adjective
jocose	jocose	adverbe
jocose	jocose	noun
jealous	jealous	adjective
jaded	jaded	adjective
joinery	joinery	noun
joiner	joiner	noun
journalism	journalism	noun
junto	junto	noun
juntos	junto	noun:plural
jurisdiction	jurisdiction	noun
jurisdictions	jurisdiction	noun:plural
jobsworth	jobsworth	noun
juvenilia	juvenilia	noun
juniper	juniper	noun
jostle	jostle	verb:simple_present+
jostles	jostle	verb:simple_present+
jostled	jostle	verb:simple_past+
jostled	jostle	verb:past_participle+
jostling	jostle	verb:present_participle+
jostle	jostle	noun
jorum	jorum	noun
jitterbug	jitterbug	noun
jitterbug	jitterbug	verb:simple_present+intransitive
jitterbugs	jitterbug	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	jitterbug	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	jitterbug	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	jitterbug	verb:present_participle+intransitive
jargonization	jargonization	noun
jolt	jolt	verb:simple_present+
jolts	jolt	verb:simple_present+
jolted	jolt	verb:simple_past+
jolted	jolt	verb:past_participle+
jolting	jolt	verb:present_participle+
jolt	jolt	noun
Johnny	Johnny	proper noun
Johnnies	Johnny	proper noun:plural
jerkoff	jerkoff	noun
jerkoff	jerkoff	verb:simple_present+intransitive
jerkoffs	jerkoff	verb:simple_present+intransitive
jerkoffed	jerkoff	verb:simple_past+intransitive
jerkoffed	jerkoff	verb:past_participle+intransitive
jerkoffing	jerkoff	verb:present_participle+intransitive
jumper	jumper	noun
jock	jock	noun
jock	jock	noun
Justin	Justin	proper noun
Jaffa	Jaffa	proper noun
Jaffa	Jaffa	noun
jerome	jerome	proper noun
Janus	Janus	proper noun
juicy	juicy	adjective
josh	josh	proper noun
josh	josh	verb:simple_present+
joshs	josh	verb:simple_present+
joshed	josh	verb:simple_past+
joshed	josh	verb:past_participle+
joshing	josh	verb:present_participle+
jameed	jameed	noun
Juan	Juan	proper noun
Jacques	Jacques	proper noun
Japanophile	Japanophile	noun
Joshua	Joshua	proper noun
judges	judges	proper noun
judges	judges	noun
Joke-a-lot	Joke-a-lot	proper noun
jedlo	jedlo	noun
juror	juror	noun
jaja	jaja	interjection
Jesuit	Jesuit	noun
Jesuits	Jesuit	noun:plural
Jesuit	Jesuit	adjective
Japanophilia	Japanophilia	noun
jabberwocky	jabberwocky	noun
jack-in-the-box	jack-in-the-box	noun
juvenescence	juvenescence	noun
Jedi	Jedi	proper noun
Jackeen	Jackeen	proper noun
junket	junket	noun
Jeff	Jeff	proper noun
jagged	jagged	adjective
jagged	jagged	verb:simple_present+
jaggeds	jagged	verb:simple_present+
???	jagged	verb:simple_past+
???	jagged	verb:past_participle+
???	jagged	verb:present_participle+
jobs	jobs	noun
Jonathan	Jonathan	proper noun
julius	julius	proper noun
juxtaposed	juxtaposed	adjective
juxtaposed	juxtaposed	verb:simple_present+
juxtaposeds	juxtaposed	verb:simple_present+
???	juxtaposed	verb:simple_past+
???	juxtaposed	verb:past_participle+
???	juxtaposed	verb:present_participle+
jury-rig	jury-rig	verb:simple_present+transitive
jury-rigs	jury-rig	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	jury-rig	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	jury-rig	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	jury-rig	verb:present_participle+transitive
jury-rigged	jury-rigged	adjective
jubilate	jubilate	verb:simple_present+
jubilates	jubilate	verb:simple_present+
jubilated	jubilate	verb:simple_past+
jubilated	jubilate	verb:past_participle+
jubilating	jubilate	verb:present_participle+
justify	justify	verb:simple_present+transitive
justifies	justify	verb:simple_present+transitive
justified	justify	verb:simple_past+transitive
justified	justify	verb:past_participle+transitive
justifying	justify	verb:present_participle+transitive
justifying	justify	verb:present_participle
jigaboo	jigaboo	noun
jawbone	jawbone	noun
jawbones	jawbone	noun:plural
jumbo	jumbo	adjective
jumbo	jumbo	noun
jumbos	jumbo	noun:plural
Japonism	Japonism	noun
J	J	noun
Jack	Jack	proper noun
Jack	Jack	proper noun
Jack	Jack	noun
Jak	Jak	proper noun
Javanese	Javanese	noun
Jay	Jay	proper noun
Jay	Jay	noun
Jean	Jean	proper noun
Jean	Jean	noun
Jenny	Jenny	proper noun
Joanna	Joanna	proper noun
Job	Job	proper noun
Job	Job	noun
Jock	Jock	proper noun
Jock	Jock	noun
Joey	Joey	proper noun
Joey	Joey	noun
John	John	proper noun
John	John	noun
Johnson	Johnson	proper noun
Josh	Josh	proper noun
Josh	Josh	verb:simple_present+
Joshs	Josh	verb:simple_present+
Joshed	Josh	verb:simple_past+
Joshed	Josh	verb:past_participle+
Joshing	Josh	verb:present_participle+
Joy	Joy	proper noun
Jul.	Jul.	noun
Jun.	Jun.	noun
jess	jess	noun
jesses	jess	noun:plural
japan	japan	noun
japan	japan	verb:simple_present+transitive
japans	japan	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	japan	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	japan	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	japan	verb:present_participle+transitive
jumbuck	jumbuck	noun
jumbucks	jumbuck	noun:plural
jones	jones	noun
joneses	jones	noun:plural
jones	jones	verb:simple_present+intransitive
joness	jones	verb:simple_present+intransitive
jonesed	jones	verb:simple_past+intransitive
jonesed	jones	verb:past_participle+intransitive
jonesing	jones	verb:present_participle+intransitive
jasper	jasper	noun
jovial	jovial	adjective
juggle	juggle	verb:simple_present+
juggles	juggle	verb:simple_present+
juggled	juggle	verb:simple_past+
juggled	juggle	verb:past_participle+
juggling	juggle	verb:present_participle+
jiggle	jiggle	verb:simple_present+transitive
jiggles	jiggle	verb:simple_present+transitive
jiggled	jiggle	verb:simple_past+transitive
jiggled	jiggle	verb:past_participle+transitive
jiggling	jiggle	verb:present_participle+transitive
jiggle	jiggle	verb:simple_present+intransitive
jiggles	jiggle	verb:simple_present+intransitive
jiggled	jiggle	verb:simple_past+intransitive
jiggled	jiggle	verb:past_participle+intransitive
jiggling	jiggle	verb:present_participle+intransitive
jingoism	jingoism	noun
johnny	johnny	noun
journalese	journalese	noun
Joyce	Joyce	proper noun
jocular	jocular	adjective
jingoistic	jingoistic	adjective
jahiliya	jahiliya	noun
Japanimation	Japanimation	noun
just-in-time	just-in-time	adverbe
just-in-time	just-in-time	adjective
jetty	jetty	adjective
jetty	jetty	noun
jetties	jetty	noun:plural
jetty	jetty	verb:simple_present+
jetties	jetty	verb:simple_present+
jettied	jetty	verb:simple_past+
jettied	jetty	verb:past_participle+
jettying	jetty	verb:present_participle+
jinx	jinx	noun
jinx	jinx	verb:simple_present+transitive
jinxs	jinx	verb:simple_present+transitive
jinxed	jinx	verb:simple_past+transitive
jinxed	jinx	verb:past_participle+transitive
jinxing	jinx	verb:present_participle+transitive
Juliett	Juliett	proper noun
Jovian	Jovian	proper noun
jeet	jeet	interjection
jumps	jumps	verb:simple_present+
jumpss	jumps	verb:simple_present+
jumpsed	jumps	verb:simple_past+
jumpsed	jumps	verb:past_participle+
jumpsing	jumps	verb:present_participle+
jumping	jumping	verb:simple_present+
jumpings	jumping	verb:simple_present+
jumpinged	jumping	verb:simple_past+
jumpinged	jumping	verb:past_participle+
jumpinging	jumping	verb:present_participle+
jumped	jumped	verb:simple_present+
jumpeds	jumped	verb:simple_present+
???	jumped	verb:simple_past+
???	jumped	verb:past_participle+
???	jumped	verb:present_participle+
jeremiad	jeremiad	noun
jejunum	jejunum	noun
judder	judder	verb:simple_present+intransitive
judders	judder	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	judder	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	judder	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	judder	verb:present_participle+intransitive
judder	judder	noun
justly	justly	adverbe
judgmental	judgmental	adjective
Jokulhaups	Jokulhaups	noun
jp.	jp.	noun
Joe.	Joe.	proper noun
Joe.	Joe.	noun
juxta	juxta	noun
judged	judged	verb:simple_present+
judgeds	judged	verb:simple_present+
???	judged	verb:simple_past+
???	judged	verb:past_participle+
???	judged	verb:present_participle+
joo	joo	interjection
jee	jee	interjection
jaa	jaa	interjection
Japonija	Japonija	proper noun
Jepun	Jepun	proper noun
Jenga	Jenga	proper noun
jacked	jacked	adjective
juolgi	juolgi	noun
jetliner	jetliner	noun
jaywalk	jaywalk	verb:simple_present+
jaywalks	jaywalk	verb:simple_present+
jaywalked	jaywalk	verb:simple_past+
jaywalked	jaywalk	verb:past_participle+
jaywalking	jaywalk	verb:present_participle+
judicial	judicial	adjective
judicious	judicious	adjective
junked	junked	verb:simple_present+
junkeds	junked	verb:simple_present+
???	junked	verb:simple_past+
???	junked	verb:past_participle+
???	junked	verb:present_participle+
junkyard	junkyard	noun
