gratis	gratis	adverbe
gynotikolobomassophile	gynotikolobomassophile	noun
google	google	verb:simple_present+transitive
googles	google	verb:simple_present+transitive
googled	google	verb:simple_past+transitive
googled	google	verb:past_participle+transitive
googling	google	verb:present_participle+transitive
google	google	verb:simple_present+intransitive
googles	google	verb:simple_present+intransitive
googled	google	verb:simple_past+intransitive
googled	google	verb:past_participle+intransitive
googling	google	verb:present_participle+intransitive
google	google	noun
googles	google	noun:plural
growth	growth	noun
growths	growth	noun:plural
German	German	noun
German	German	noun
German	German	adjective
German	German	adjective
grass	grass	noun
grass	grass	verb:simple_present+intransitive
grasss	grass	verb:simple_present+intransitive
grassed	grass	verb:simple_past+intransitive
grassed	grass	verb:past_participle+intransitive
grassing	grass	verb:present_participle+intransitive
grok	grok	verb:simple_present+
groks	grok	verb:simple_present+
???	grok	verb:simple_past+
???	grok	verb:past_participle+
???	grok	verb:present_participle+
grokking	grok	verb:present_participle
gnosis	gnosis	noun
Greece	Greece	proper noun
Germany	Germany	proper noun
Greenland	Greenland	proper noun
gratuitous	gratuitous	adjective
government	government	noun
global	global	adjective
globalisation	globalisation	noun
gleaming	gleaming	adjective
gleaming	gleaming	noun
Gabon	Gabon	proper noun
Ghana	Ghana	proper noun
Gambia	Gambia	proper noun
Guatemala	Guatemala	proper noun
Guyana	Guyana	proper noun
gas	gas	noun
Greek	Greek	proper noun
schema	Greek	proper noun:plural
Greek	Greek	adjective
Greek	Greek	verb:simple_present+
Greeks	Greek	verb:simple_present+
Greeked	Greek	verb:simple_past+
Greeked	Greek	verb:past_participle+
Greeking	Greek	verb:present_participle+
general	general	adjective
general	general	noun
generals	general	noun:plural
genome	genome	noun
gag	gag	noun
gag	gag	verb:simple_present+
gags	gag	verb:simple_present+
???	gag	verb:simple_past+
???	gag	verb:past_participle+
???	gag	verb:present_participle+
Georgia	Georgia	proper noun
Guadeloupe	Guadeloupe	proper noun
Guinea	Guinea	proper noun
Guinea	Guinea	noun
Guinea-Bissau	Guinea-Bissau	proper noun
Guam	Guam	proper noun
Grenada	Grenada	proper noun
ground	ground	noun
ground	ground	verb:simple_present+
grounds	ground	verb:simple_present+
grounded	ground	verb:simple_past+
grounded	ground	verb:past_participle+
grounding	ground	verb:present_participle+
ground	ground	verb:simple_present+
grounds	ground	verb:simple_present+
grounded	ground	verb:simple_past+
grounded	ground	verb:past_participle+
grounding	ground	verb:present_participle+
ground	ground	verb:simple_present+transitive
grounds	ground	verb:simple_present+transitive
grounded	ground	verb:simple_past+transitive
grounded	ground	verb:past_participle+transitive
grounding	ground	verb:present_participle+transitive
grounding	ground	verb:present_participle
gismu	gismu	noun
give	give	verb:simple_present+transitive
gives	give	verb:simple_present+transitive
gave	give	verb:simple_past+transitive
given	give	verb:past_participle+transitive
giving	give	verb:present_participle+transitive
give	give	verb:simple_present+intransitive
gives	give	verb:simple_present+intransitive
gave	give	verb:simple_past+intransitive
given	give	verb:past_participle+intransitive
giving	give	verb:present_participle+intransitive
give	give	noun
gold	gold	noun
gold	gold	adjective
green	green	noun
greens	green	noun:plural
green	green	adjective
green	green	verb:simple_present+
greens	green	verb:simple_present+
greened	green	verb:simple_past+
greened	green	verb:past_participle+
greening	green	verb:present_participle+
greening	green	verb:present_participle
grey	grey	noun
grey	grey	adjective
grey	grey	verb:simple_present+
greys	grey	verb:simple_present+
greyed	grey	verb:simple_past+
greyed	grey	verb:past_participle+
greying	grey	verb:present_participle+
grapefruit	grapefruit	noun
guanaco	guanaco	noun
girl	girl	noun
girls	girl	noun:plural
genitive	genitive	adjective
genitive	genitive	noun
grandfather	grandfather	noun
grandparent	grandparent	noun
grandmother	grandmother	noun
grandchild	grandchild	noun
grandson	grandson	noun
granddaughter	granddaughter	noun
good	good	adjective
good	good	noun
goods	good	noun:plural
galician	galician	noun
galician	galician	adjective
gossip	gossip	noun
gossips	gossip	noun:plural
gossip	gossip	verb:simple_present+
gossips	gossip	verb:simple_present+
???	gossip	verb:simple_past+
???	gossip	verb:past_participle+
???	gossip	verb:present_participle+
gray	gray	adjective
gray	gray	noun
gun	gun	noun
gun	gun	verb:simple_present+
guns	gun	verb:simple_present+
???	gun	verb:simple_past+
???	gun	verb:past_participle+
???	gun	verb:present_participle+
gunning	gun	verb:present_participle
gun	gun	verb:simple_present+
guns	gun	verb:simple_present+
???	gun	verb:simple_past+
???	gun	verb:past_participle+
???	gun	verb:present_participle+
goodbye	goodbye	interjection
grape	grape	noun
grape	grape	adjective
guacamole	guacamole	noun
guava	guava	noun
gay	gay	adjective
gay	gay	noun
gays	gay	noun:plural
gay	gay	proper noun
gay	gay	proper noun
gyroscope	gyroscope	noun
gnaw	gnaw	verb:simple_present+
gnaws	gnaw	verb:simple_present+
???	gnaw	verb:simple_past+
???	gnaw	verb:past_participle+
???	gnaw	verb:present_participle+
god	god	noun
gods	god	noun:plural
gripe	gripe	verb:simple_present+
gripes	gripe	verb:simple_present+
griped	gripe	verb:simple_past+
griped	gripe	verb:past_participle+
griping	gripe	verb:present_participle+
gripe	gripe	noun
graffiti	graffiti	noun
graip	graip	noun
gibberish	gibberish	noun
gaffer	gaffer	noun
gaffers	gaffer	noun:plural
gaffer	gaffer	noun
gaffe	gaffe	noun
gaffes	gaffe	noun:plural
graft	graft	noun
grafts	graft	noun:plural
graft	graft	verb:simple_present+
grafts	graft	verb:simple_present+
grafted	graft	verb:simple_past+
grafted	graft	verb:past_participle+
grafting	graft	verb:present_participle+
grafting	graft	verb:present_participle
grafter	grafter	noun
Goa	Goa	proper noun
Gujarat	Gujarat	proper noun
grafting	grafting	noun
goose	goose	noun
geese	goose	noun:plural
goose	goose	verb:simple_present+
gooses	goose	verb:simple_present+
goosed	goose	verb:simple_past+
goosed	goose	verb:past_participle+
goosing	goose	verb:present_participle+
Gandhinagar	Gandhinagar	proper noun
gangtok	gangtok	proper noun
Georgetown	Georgetown	proper noun
gravitation	gravitation	noun
galaxy	galaxy	noun
galaxies	galaxy	noun:plural
grammar	grammar	noun
grammars	grammar	noun:plural
graduate	graduate	noun
graduate	graduate	verb:simple_present+
graduates	graduate	verb:simple_present+
graduated	graduate	verb:simple_past+
graduated	graduate	verb:past_participle+
graduating	graduate	verb:present_participle+
graduation	graduation	noun
graduations	graduation	noun:plural
get	get	noun
gets	get	noun:plural
get	get	verb:simple_present+transitive
gets	get	verb:simple_present+transitive
got	get	verb:simple_past+transitive
got	get	verb:past_participle+transitive
gotten	get	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	get	verb:present_participle+transitive
getting	get	verb:present_participle
got	got	verb:simple_present+
gots	got	verb:simple_present+
???	got	verb:simple_past+
???	got	verb:past_participle+
???	got	verb:present_participle+
got	got	verb:simple_present+
gots	got	verb:simple_present+
???	got	verb:simple_past+
???	got	verb:past_participle+
???	got	verb:present_participle+
gotten	gotten	verb:simple_present+
gottens	gotten	verb:simple_present+
???	gotten	verb:simple_past+
???	gotten	verb:past_participle+
???	gotten	verb:present_participle+
gave	gave	verb:simple_present+
gaves	gave	verb:simple_present+
gaved	gave	verb:simple_past+
gaved	gave	verb:past_participle+
gaving	gave	verb:present_participle+
given	given	verb:simple_present+
givens	given	verb:simple_present+
???	given	verb:simple_past+
???	given	verb:past_participle+
???	given	verb:present_participle+
given	given	noun
givens	given	noun:plural
go	go	verb:simple_present+intransitive
goes	go	verb:simple_present+intransitive
went	go	verb:simple_past+intransitive
gone	go	verb:past_participle+intransitive
going	go	verb:present_participle+intransitive
go	go	verb:simple_present+transitive
goes	go	verb:simple_present+transitive
went	go	verb:simple_past+transitive
gone	go	verb:past_participle+transitive
going	go	verb:present_participle+transitive
go	go	noun
goes	go	noun:plural
go	go	noun
grind	grind	noun
grind	grind	verb:simple_present+
grinds	grind	verb:simple_present+
ground	grind	verb:simple_past+
ground	grind	verb:past_participle+
grinding	grind	verb:present_participle+
grinding	grind	verb:present_participle
grow	grow	verb:simple_present+intransitive
grows	grow	verb:simple_present+intransitive
grew	grow	verb:simple_past+intransitive
grown	grow	verb:past_participle+intransitive
growing	grow	verb:present_participle+intransitive
grow	grow	verb:simple_present+transitive
grows	grow	verb:simple_present+transitive
grew	grow	verb:simple_past+transitive
grown	grow	verb:past_participle+transitive
growing	grow	verb:present_participle+transitive
grew	grew	verb:simple_present+
grews	grew	verb:simple_present+
???	grew	verb:simple_past+
???	grew	verb:past_participle+
???	grew	verb:present_participle+
grown	grown	verb:simple_present+
growns	grown	verb:simple_present+
growned	grown	verb:simple_past+
growned	grown	verb:past_participle+
growning	grown	verb:present_participle+
gerund	gerund	noun
grahamite	grahamite	noun
goiter	goiter	noun
gargantuan	gargantuan	adjective
gregarious	gregarious	adjective
goshawk	goshawk	noun
goat	goat	noun
goats	goat	noun:plural
guitar	guitar	noun
gull	gull	noun
gull	gull	verb:simple_present+
gulls	gull	verb:simple_present+
gulled	gull	verb:simple_past+
gulled	gull	verb:past_participle+
gulling	gull	verb:present_participle+
gulling	gull	verb:present_participle
goggles	goggles	noun
goddess	goddess	noun
goddesses	goddess	noun:plural
guts	guts	noun
generalissimo	generalissimo	noun
g	g	letter
g	g	noun
gearbox	gearbox	noun
gyre	gyre	noun
gyre	gyre	verb:simple_present+intransitive
gyres	gyre	verb:simple_present+intransitive
gyred	gyre	verb:simple_past+intransitive
gyred	gyre	verb:past_participle+intransitive
gyring	gyre	verb:present_participle+intransitive
gram	gram	noun
grams	gram	noun:plural
gram	gram	noun
gain	gain	verb:simple_present+transitive
gains	gain	verb:simple_present+transitive
gained	gain	verb:simple_past+transitive
gained	gain	verb:past_participle+transitive
gaining	gain	verb:present_participle+transitive
gaining	gain	verb:present_participle
gain	gain	noun
gains	gain	noun:plural
gem	gem	noun
gems	gem	noun:plural
gemstone	gemstone	noun
governator	governator	proper noun
girlfriend	girlfriend	noun
governor	governor	noun
grooming	grooming	verbal noun
grooming	grooming	noun
genitocrural	genitocrural	adjective
genitival	genitival	adjective
geniting	geniting	noun
genitor	genitor	noun
gender	gender	noun
genders	gender	noun:plural
generation	generation	noun
Genoa	Genoa	proper noun
group	group	noun
groups	group	noun:plural
group	group	verb:simple_present+transitive
groups	group	verb:simple_present+transitive
grouped	group	verb:simple_past+transitive
grouped	group	verb:past_participle+transitive
grouping	group	verb:present_participle+transitive
grouping	group	verb:present_participle
game	game	noun
games	game	noun:plural
game	game	adjective
game	game	verb:simple_present+transitive
games	game	verb:simple_present+transitive
gamed	game	verb:simple_past+transitive
gamed	game	verb:past_participle+transitive
gaming	game	verb:present_participle+transitive
garden	garden	noun
garden	garden	verb:simple_present+intransitive
gardens	garden	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	garden	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	garden	verb:past_participle+intransitive
gardening	garden	verb:present_participle+intransitive
garden	garden	adjective
granary	granary	noun
granarys	granary	noun:plural
gaelic	gaelic	noun
gaelic	gaelic	adjective
grandiloquent	grandiloquent	adjective
gallicize	gallicize	verb:simple_present+transitive
gallicizes	gallicize	verb:simple_present+transitive
gallicized	gallicize	verb:simple_past+transitive
gallicized	gallicize	verb:past_participle+transitive
gallicizing	gallicize	verb:present_participle+transitive
giraffe	giraffe	noun
giraffes	giraffe	noun:plural
glycolysis	glycolysis	noun
graph	graph	noun
graphs	graph	noun:plural
graph	graph	verb:simple_present+transitive
graphs	graph	verb:simple_present+transitive
graphed	graph	verb:simple_past+transitive
graphed	graph	verb:past_participle+transitive
graphing	graph	verb:present_participle+transitive
genus	genus	noun
gaku-ran	gaku-ran	noun
gaku-ran	gaku-ran	verb:simple_present+
gaku-rans	gaku-ran	verb:simple_present+
???	gaku-ran	verb:simple_past+
???	gaku-ran	verb:past_participle+
???	gaku-ran	verb:present_participle+
gift	gift	noun
gifts	gift	noun:plural
gift	gift	verb:simple_present+transitive
gifts	gift	verb:simple_present+transitive
gifted	gift	verb:simple_past+transitive
gifted	gift	verb:past_participle+transitive
gifting	gift	verb:present_participle+transitive
grue	grue	verb:simple_present+intransitive
grues	grue	verb:simple_present+intransitive
grued	grue	verb:simple_past+intransitive
grued	grue	verb:past_participle+intransitive
gruing	grue	verb:present_participle+intransitive
grue	grue	noun
grues	grue	noun:plural
grue	grue	adjective
gigametre	gigametre	noun
gallium	gallium	noun
germanium	germanium	noun
gadolinium	gadolinium	noun
ga	ga	proper noun
ga	ga	noun
ga	ga	conjonction
gramme	gramme	noun
grammes	gramme	noun:plural
gipim	gipim	verb:simple_present+transitive
gipims	gipim	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	gipim	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	gipim	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	gipim	verb:present_participle+transitive
gut	gut	noun
guts	gut	noun:plural
gut	gut	verb:simple_present+transitive
guts	gut	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	gut	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	gut	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	gut	verb:present_participle+transitive
gut	gut	adjective
generative	generative	adjective
generator	generator	noun
generatrix	generatrix	noun
generic	generic	adjective
generic	generic	noun
generical	generical	adjective
generically	generically	adverbe
googolplex	googolplex	noun
googolplex	googolplex	verb:simple_present+
googolplexs	googolplex	verb:simple_present+
???	googolplex	verb:simple_past+
???	googolplex	verb:past_participle+
???	googolplex	verb:present_participle+
grove	grove	noun
gnash	gnash	verb:simple_present+
gnashs	gnash	verb:simple_present+
gnashed	gnash	verb:simple_past+
gnashed	gnash	verb:past_participle+
gnashing	gnash	verb:present_participle+
gash	gash	noun
gamble	gamble	verb:simple_present+intransitive
gambles	gamble	verb:simple_present+intransitive
gambled	gamble	verb:simple_past+intransitive
gambled	gamble	verb:past_participle+intransitive
gambling	gamble	verb:present_participle+intransitive
gamble	gamble	noun
gambles	gamble	noun:plural
gamble	gamble	verb:simple_present+intransitive
gambles	gamble	verb:simple_present+intransitive
gambled	gamble	verb:simple_past+intransitive
gambled	gamble	verb:past_participle+intransitive
gambling	gamble	verb:present_participle+intransitive
gamble	gamble	verb:simple_present+transitive
gambles	gamble	verb:simple_present+transitive
gambled	gamble	verb:simple_past+transitive
gambled	gamble	verb:past_participle+transitive
gambling	gamble	verb:present_participle+transitive
guria	guria	noun
guria	guria	verb:simple_present+intransitive
gurias	guria	verb:simple_present+intransitive
guriad	guria	verb:simple_past+intransitive
guriad	guria	verb:past_participle+intransitive
guriing	guria	verb:present_participle+intransitive
grapes	grapes	noun
grapeshot	grapeshot	noun
gunshot	gunshot	noun
gnu	gnu	noun
gnus	gnu	noun:plural
gasoline	gasoline	noun
gasolines	gasoline	noun:plural
gear	gear	noun
gear	gear	verb:simple_present+
gears	gear	verb:simple_present+
geared	gear	verb:simple_past+
geared	gear	verb:past_participle+
gearing	gear	verb:present_participle+
gear	gear	interjection
Glasgow	Glasgow	proper noun
guernsey	guernsey	proper noun
genetic	genetic	adjective
grandee	grandee	noun
Gerard	Gerard	proper noun
glossary	glossary	noun
good-for-nothing	good-for-nothing	noun
goldsmith	goldsmith	noun
glass	glass	noun
glass	glass	adjective
glass	glass	verb:simple_present+transitive
glasss	glass	verb:simple_present+transitive
glassed	glass	verb:simple_past+transitive
glassed	glass	verb:past_participle+transitive
glassing	glass	verb:present_participle+transitive
glassing	glass	verb:present_participle
glass	glass	interjection
Georgian	Georgian	noun
Georgian	Georgian	adjective
gambian	gambian	noun
gambian	gambian	adjective
guatemalan	guatemalan	noun
guatemalan	guatemalan	adjective
Gabonese	Gabonese	noun
Gabonese	Gabonese	adjective
gorizia	gorizia	proper noun
grosseto	grosseto	proper noun
grenadian	grenadian	noun
grenadian	grenadian	adjective
guamanian	guamanian	noun
guamanian	guamanian	adjective
guyanese	guyanese	noun
guyanese	guyanese	adjective
goalie	goalie	noun
Greenlander	Greenlander	noun
Greenlandic	Greenlandic	adjective
Greenlandic	Greenlandic	noun
ghanaian	ghanaian	noun
ghanaian	ghanaian	adjective
greeklish	greeklish	noun
Guadeloupean	Guadeloupean	noun
Guadeloupean	Guadeloupean	adjective
guitarist	guitarist	noun
goal	goal	noun
goals	goal	noun:plural
grain	grain	noun
glyph	glyph	noun
garlic	garlic	noun
genealogist	genealogist	noun
gym	gym	noun
grid	grid	noun
gymnasium	gymnasium	noun
gymnasiums	gymnasium	noun:plural
ginger	ginger	noun
ginger	ginger	adjective
Ghent	Ghent	proper noun
gabrovo	gabrovo	proper noun
glitch	glitch	noun
gabardine	gabardine	noun
gaberdine	gaberdine	noun
great-granddaughter	great-granddaughter	noun
Gaul	Gaul	proper noun
Gauls	Gaul	proper noun:plural
graphite	graphite	noun
goldfish	goldfish	noun
grease	grease	noun
grease	grease	verb:simple_present+
greases	grease	verb:simple_present+
greased	grease	verb:simple_past+
greased	grease	verb:past_participle+
greasing	grease	verb:present_participle+
gazelle	gazelle	noun
gazelles	gazelle	noun:plural
Gothic	Gothic	noun
Gothic	Gothic	adjective
Gothic	Gothic	adjective
galah	galah	noun
galahs	galah	noun:plural
guess	guess	verb:simple_present+
guesss	guess	verb:simple_present+
guessed	guess	verb:simple_past+
guessed	guess	verb:past_participle+
guessing	guess	verb:present_participle+
guessing	guess	verb:present_participle
guess	guess	noun
guesses	guess	noun:plural
guest	guest	noun
guests	guest	noun:plural
guest	guest	verb:simple_present+intransitive
guests	guest	verb:simple_present+intransitive
guested	guest	verb:simple_past+intransitive
guested	guest	verb:past_participle+intransitive
guesting	guest	verb:present_participle+intransitive
grasp	grasp	verb:simple_present+
grasps	grasp	verb:simple_present+
grasped	grasp	verb:simple_past+
grasped	grasp	verb:past_participle+
grasping	grasp	verb:present_participle+
grasping	grasp	verb:present_participle
grasp	grasp	noun
gauze	gauze	noun
gauzes	gauze	noun:plural
gaunt	gaunt	adjective
gauntlet	gauntlet	noun
gozo	gozo	proper noun
glad	glad	adjective
ghetto	ghetto	noun
ghettos	ghetto	noun:plural
ghost	ghost	noun
ghosts	ghost	noun:plural
gelderland	gelderland	proper noun
Groningen	Groningen	proper noun
great	great	adjective
grate	grate	noun
grates	grate	noun:plural
grate	grate	verb:simple_present+transitive
grates	grate	verb:simple_present+transitive
grated	grate	verb:simple_past+transitive
grated	grate	verb:past_participle+transitive
grating	grate	verb:present_participle+transitive
grate	grate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
grates	grate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
grated	grate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
grated	grate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
grating	grate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
grater	grater	noun
graters	grater	noun:plural
greater	greater	adjective
Gujarati	Gujarati	noun
gabe	gabe	preposition
gab	gab	noun
gab	gab	verb:simple_present+
gabs	gab	verb:simple_present+
???	gab	verb:simple_past+
???	gab	verb:past_participle+
???	gab	verb:present_participle+
glean	glean	verb:simple_present+
gleans	glean	verb:simple_present+
gleaned	glean	verb:simple_past+
gleaned	glean	verb:past_participle+
gleaning	glean	verb:present_participle+
glut	glut	noun
goujon	goujon	noun
gale	gale	noun
griffin	griffin	noun
gradian	gradian	noun
guard	guard	noun
guards	guard	noun:plural
guard	guard	verb:simple_present+
guards	guard	verb:simple_present+
guarded	guard	verb:simple_past+
guarded	guard	verb:past_participle+
guarding	guard	verb:present_participle+
gar	gar	noun
grasshopper	grasshopper	noun
grasshoppers	grasshopper	noun:plural
gander	gander	noun
gosling	gosling	noun
grub	grub	noun
grubs	grub	noun:plural
grub	grub	verb:simple_present+
grubs	grub	verb:simple_present+
???	grub	verb:simple_past+
???	grub	verb:past_participle+
???	grub	verb:present_participle+
Gesundheit	Gesundheit	interjection
Gdansk	Gdansk	proper noun
glasses	glasses	noun
glottal	glottal	adjective
globe	globe	noun
geography	geography	noun
geology	geology	noun
geologist	geologist	noun
gig	gig	noun
gigs	gig	noun:plural
gig	gig	verb:simple_present+
gigs	gig	verb:simple_present+
???	gig	verb:simple_past+
???	gig	verb:past_participle+
???	gig	verb:present_participle+
gigging	gig	verb:present_participle
gel	gel	noun
gels	gel	noun:plural
gel	gel	verb:simple_present+
gels	gel	verb:simple_present+
???	gel	verb:simple_past+
???	gel	verb:past_participle+
???	gel	verb:present_participle+
gel	gel	noun
gels	gel	noun:plural
geographia	geographia	noun
Gotland	Gotland	proper noun
grandchildren	grandchildren	noun
gradation	gradation	noun
groom	groom	noun
groom	groom	verb:simple_present+
grooms	groom	verb:simple_present+
groomed	groom	verb:simple_past+
groomed	groom	verb:past_participle+
grooming	groom	verb:present_participle+
grunt	grunt	noun
grunts	grunt	noun:plural
grunt	grunt	verb:simple_present+intransitive
grunts	grunt	verb:simple_present+intransitive
grunted	grunt	verb:simple_past+intransitive
grunted	grunt	verb:past_participle+intransitive
grunting	grunt	verb:present_participle+intransitive
guile	guile	noun
gesticulate	gesticulate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
gesticulates	gesticulate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
gesticulated	gesticulate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
gesticulated	gesticulate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
gesticulating	gesticulate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
gesticulate	gesticulate	verb:simple_present+transitive
gesticulates	gesticulate	verb:simple_present+transitive
gesticulated	gesticulate	verb:simple_past+transitive
gesticulated	gesticulate	verb:past_participle+transitive
gesticulating	gesticulate	verb:present_participle+transitive
goose-step	goose-step	noun
goose-step	goose-step	verb:simple_present+
goose-steps	goose-step	verb:simple_present+
???	goose-step	verb:simple_past+
???	goose-step	verb:past_participle+
???	goose-step	verb:present_participle+
goose-stepping	goose-step	verb:present_participle
ghostwriter	ghostwriter	noun
gnome	gnome	noun
gnomon	gnomon	noun
gnomons	gnomon	noun:plural
glutton	glutton	adjective
glutton	glutton	noun
gluttons	glutton	noun:plural
glutton	glutton	verb:simple_present+
gluttons	glutton	verb:simple_present+
gluttoned	glutton	verb:simple_past+
gluttoned	glutton	verb:past_participle+
gluttoning	glutton	verb:present_participle+
gluttoning	glutton	verb:present_participle
guide	guide	noun
guide	guide	verb:simple_present+
guides	guide	verb:simple_present+
guided	guide	verb:simple_past+
guided	guide	verb:past_participle+
guiding	guide	verb:present_participle+
gene	gene	noun
genes	gene	noun:plural
giddyup	giddyup	interjection
genotype	genotype	noun
gateau	gateau	noun
gateaus	gateau	noun:plural
guanine	guanine	noun
goalkeeper	goalkeeper	noun
graphic	graphic	adjective
graphic	graphic	noun
gland	gland	noun
gele	gele	noun
gulag	gulag	noun
grab	grab	verb:simple_present+
grabs	grab	verb:simple_present+
???	grab	verb:simple_past+
???	grab	verb:past_participle+
???	grab	verb:present_participle+
grabbing	grab	verb:present_participle
grab	grab	noun
gum	gum	noun
gums	gum	noun:plural
gum	gum	noun
gums	gum	noun:plural
gateaux	gateaux	noun
greens	greens	noun
grime	grime	noun
gigagram	gigagram	noun
gravy	gravy	noun
gravies	gravy	noun:plural
glider	glider	noun
germ	germ	noun
germicide	germicide	noun
germicides	germicide	noun:plural
George	George	proper noun
Gryffindor	Gryffindor	proper noun
gigasecond	gigasecond	noun
Geneva	Geneva	proper noun
giros	giros	noun
gyros	gyros	noun
Glarus	Glarus	proper noun
Grisons	Grisons	proper noun
geese	geese	noun
glory	glory	noun
glories	glory	noun:plural
gopher	gopher	noun
gatemania	gatemania	noun
gamer	gamer	noun
gameplay	gameplay	noun
grace	grace	noun
grammatica	grammatica	noun
glebe	glebe	proper noun
godly	godly	adjective
godlike	godlike	adjective
glissando	glissando	noun
gook	gook	noun
great-grandmother	great-grandmother	noun
great-grandfather	great-grandfather	noun
galego	galego	proper noun
genitalia	genitalia	noun
gluggy	gluggy	adjective
gnat	gnat	noun
gnat	gnat	proper noun
Germanic	Germanic	noun
Germanic	Germanic	adjective
gib	gib	verb:simple_present+transitive
gibs	gib	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	gib	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	gib	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	gib	verb:present_participle+transitive
gib	gib	noun
gibs	gib	noun:plural
gib	gib	noun
gib	gib	verb:simple_present+transitive
gibs	gib	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	gib	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	gib	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	gib	verb:present_participle+transitive
great-grandson	great-grandson	noun
gong	gong	noun
gai	gai	noun
gai	gai	adjective
godhead	godhead	noun
godhead	godhead	proper noun
golem	golem	noun
golems	golem	noun:plural
ghoul	ghoul	noun
giefu	giefu	noun
geat	geat	noun
gelati	gelati	noun
gray-collar	gray-collar	adjective
green-collar	green-collar	adjective
goddag	goddag	interjection
goof	goof	noun
goof	goof	verb:simple_present+intransitive
goofs	goof	verb:simple_present+intransitive
goofed	goof	verb:simple_past+intransitive
goofed	goof	verb:past_participle+intransitive
goofing	goof	verb:present_participle+intransitive
gent	gent	noun
gents	gent	noun:plural
gizzard	gizzard	noun
guesstimate	guesstimate	noun
guesstimates	guesstimate	noun:plural
guesstimate	guesstimate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
guesstimates	guesstimate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
guesstimated	guesstimate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
guesstimated	guesstimate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
guesstimating	guesstimate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
gigantic	gigantic	adjective
govern	govern	verb:simple_present+
governs	govern	verb:simple_present+
governed	govern	verb:simple_past+
governed	govern	verb:past_participle+
governing	govern	verb:present_participle+
gator	gator	noun
gators	gator	noun:plural
gibber	gibber	verb:simple_present+
gibbers	gibber	verb:simple_present+
???	gibber	verb:simple_past+
???	gibber	verb:past_participle+
???	gibber	verb:present_participle+
gate	gate	noun
gate	gate	verb:simple_present+
gates	gate	verb:simple_present+
gated	gate	verb:simple_past+
gated	gate	verb:past_participle+
gating	gate	verb:present_participle+
gormless	gormless	adjective
gaff	gaff	noun
gaffs	gaff	noun:plural
greenshirt	greenshirt	noun
gentile	gentile	adjective
greenhouse	greenhouse	noun
greenhouses	greenhouse	noun:plural
genou	genou	noun
guma	guma	noun
glof	glof	noun
gristmill	gristmill	noun
glurge	glurge	noun
globular	globular	adjective
girth	girth	noun
girths	girth	noun:plural
gerbil	gerbil	noun
giblets	giblets	noun
gynecologist	gynecologist	noun
genuflect	genuflect	verb:simple_present+
genuflects	genuflect	verb:simple_present+
genuflected	genuflect	verb:simple_past+
genuflected	genuflect	verb:past_participle+
genuflecting	genuflect	verb:present_participle+
gadhelic	gadhelic	adjective
garvana	garvana	noun
garvage	garvage	noun
giant	giant	noun
giants	giant	noun:plural
giant	giant	adjective
gyproc	gyproc	noun
gyproc	gyproc	verb:simple_present+intransitive
gyprocs	gyproc	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	gyproc	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	gyproc	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	gyproc	verb:present_participle+intransitive
gyproc	gyproc	verb:simple_present+
gyprocs	gyproc	verb:simple_present+
???	gyproc	verb:simple_past+
???	gyproc	verb:past_participle+
???	gyproc	verb:present_participle+
gamut	gamut	noun
gentleman	gentleman	noun
glacier	glacier	noun
glaciers	glacier	noun:plural
glazier	glazier	noun
geek	geek	noun
golf	golf	noun
granduncle	granduncle	noun
giraffine	giraffine	adjective
geep	geep	noun
girlfriends	girlfriends	noun
godfather	godfather	noun
godfathers	godfather	noun:plural
godmother	godmother	noun
godmothers	godmother	noun:plural
godson	godson	noun
goddaughter	goddaughter	noun
godchild	godchild	noun
gents	gents	noun
goatee	goatee	noun
granny	granny	noun
grannies	granny	noun:plural
grannie	grannie	noun
grannies	grannie	noun:plural
gesieltan	gesieltan	verb:simple_present+
gesieltans	gesieltan	verb:simple_present+
???	gesieltan	verb:simple_past+
???	gesieltan	verb:past_participle+
???	gesieltan	verb:present_participle+
gynotikolobomassophilia	gynotikolobomassophilia	noun
gassy	gassy	adjective
gallon	gallon	noun
gallons	gallon	noun:plural
grave	grave	adjective
grave	grave	verb:simple_present+
graves	grave	verb:simple_present+
graved	grave	verb:simple_past+
graved	grave	verb:past_participle+
graving	grave	verb:present_participle+
grave	grave	verb:simple_present+transitive
graves	grave	verb:simple_present+transitive
graved	grave	verb:simple_past+transitive
graved	grave	verb:past_participle+transitive
graving	grave	verb:present_participle+transitive
grave	grave	verb:simple_present+intransitive
graves	grave	verb:simple_present+intransitive
graved	grave	verb:simple_past+intransitive
graved	grave	verb:past_participle+intransitive
graving	grave	verb:present_participle+intransitive
grave	grave	noun
great-great-grandmother	great-great-grandmother	noun
great-great-grandfather	great-great-grandfather	noun
goodly	goodly	adverbe
goodly	goodly	adjective
Gallegan	Gallegan	proper noun
gibbon	gibbon	noun
gibbons	gibbon	noun:plural
glove	glove	noun
glove	glove	verb:simple_present+transitive
gloves	glove	verb:simple_present+transitive
gloved	glove	verb:simple_past+transitive
gloved	glove	verb:past_participle+transitive
gloving	glove	verb:present_participle+transitive
grip	grip	verb:simple_present+transitive
grips	grip	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	grip	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	grip	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	grip	verb:present_participle+transitive
gripping	grip	verb:present_participle
grip	grip	noun
gossling	gossling	noun
googlewhack	googlewhack	noun
googly	googly	noun
googlies	googly	noun:plural
googly	googly	adjective
grapevine	grapevine	noun
garbage	garbage	noun
gwraidd	gwraidd	noun
grandaunt	grandaunt	noun
go-to	go-to	adjective
goolie	goolie	noun
gypsy	gypsy	noun
garrulous	garrulous	adjective
gratitude	gratitude	noun
grateful	grateful	adjective
gist	gist	noun
garment	garment	noun
garments	garment	noun:plural
garb	garb	noun
garbs	garb	noun:plural
garb	garb	verb:simple_present+
garbs	garb	verb:simple_present+
garbed	garb	verb:simple_past+
garbed	garb	verb:past_participle+
garbing	garb	verb:present_participle+
garbing	garb	verb:present_participle
grope	grope	verb:simple_present+
gropes	grope	verb:simple_present+
groped	grope	verb:simple_past+
groped	grope	verb:past_participle+
groping	grope	verb:present_participle+
grope	grope	noun
gropes	grope	noun:plural
garnish	garnish	verb:simple_present+
garnishs	garnish	verb:simple_present+
garnished	garnish	verb:simple_past+
garnished	garnish	verb:past_participle+
garnishing	garnish	verb:present_participle+
garnishing	garnish	verb:present_participle
garnish	garnish	noun
ginormous	ginormous	adjective
gad	gad	noun
gratuity	gratuity	noun
gaol	gaol	noun
gaols	gaol	noun:plural
gimme	gimme	noun
gangue	gangue	noun
gambeson	gambeson	noun
gambesons	gambeson	noun:plural
gusset	gusset	noun
gussets	gusset	noun:plural
gousset	gousset	noun
goussets	gousset	noun:plural
greeve	greeve	noun
greeves	greeve	noun:plural
glottis	glottis	noun
glottises	glottis	noun:plural
grazier	grazier	noun
gisarme	gisarme	noun
gisaring	gisaring	noun
gisarings	gisaring	noun:plural
glaive	glaive	noun
glaives	glaive	noun:plural
gea	gea	adverbe
gangurru	gangurru	noun
guy	guy	proper noun
guy	guy	noun
glucoside	glucoside	noun
glycoside	glycoside	noun
glucose	glucose	noun
genizah	genizah	noun
guys	guys	noun
greeking	greeking	verbal noun
glorious	glorious	adjective
glow	glow	verb:simple_present+
glows	glow	verb:simple_present+
glowed	glow	verb:simple_past+
glowed	glow	verb:past_participle+
glowing	glow	verb:present_participle+
glowing	glow	verb:present_participle
glow	glow	noun
Gaeilge	Gaeilge	noun
gaedhlaing	gaedhlaing	noun
gaolainn	gaolainn	noun
gaedhilge	gaedhilge	noun
guru	guru	noun
gynandromorph	gynandromorph	noun
gynandrous	gynandrous	adjective
gaijin	gaijin	noun
glockenspiel	glockenspiel	noun
girlish	girlish	adjective
grandnephew	grandnephew	noun
grandnephews	grandnephew	noun:plural
great-nephew	great-nephew	noun
great-nephews	great-nephew	noun:plural
glabrous	glabrous	adjective
gumuuma	gumuuma	noun
gali-balalaa	gali-balalaa	noun
garnet	garnet	noun
garnet	garnet	adjective
gollumish	gollumish	adjective
ginder	ginder	adverbe
ginds	ginds	adverbe
guarantee	guarantee	noun
guarantee	guarantee	verb:simple_present+
guarantees	guarantee	verb:simple_present+
guaranteed	guarantee	verb:simple_past+
guaranteed	guarantee	verb:past_participle+
guaranteing	guarantee	verb:present_participle+
Getafix	Getafix	proper noun
goofy	goofy	adjective
guisto	guisto	adverbe
ganar	ganar	verb:simple_present+
ganars	ganar	verb:simple_present+
???	ganar	verb:simple_past+
???	ganar	verb:past_participle+
???	ganar	verb:present_participle+
grinch	grinch	noun
genre	genre	noun
geisha	geisha	noun
guano	guano	noun
Gavin	Gavin	proper noun
generally	generally	adverbe
geekly	geekly	adjective
geeky	geeky	adjective
geekery	geekery	noun
gewr	gewr	adjective
galadriel	galadriel	proper noun
Gandalf	Gandalf	proper noun
Gimli	Gimli	proper noun
grimoire	grimoire	noun
gut-wrenching	gut-wrenching	adjective
gobshite	gobshite	noun
gobshites	gobshite	noun:plural
gob	gob	noun
gobs	gob	noun:plural
gob	gob	noun
gob	gob	verb:simple_present+
gobs	gob	verb:simple_present+
???	gob	verb:simple_past+
???	gob	verb:past_participle+
???	gob	verb:present_participle+
gollum	gollum	proper noun
guardian	guardian	noun
guardian	guardian	proper noun
gubernatorial	gubernatorial	adjective
gorge	gorge	noun
gorge	gorge	verb:simple_present+intransitive
gorges	gorge	verb:simple_present+intransitive
gorged	gorge	verb:simple_past+intransitive
gorged	gorge	verb:past_participle+intransitive
gorging	gorge	verb:present_participle+intransitive
gorge	gorge	adjective
gullet	gullet	noun
gullets	gullet	noun:plural
gobby	gobby	noun
gee	gee	interjection
gee	gee	verb:simple_present+
gees	gee	verb:simple_present+
geed	gee	verb:simple_past+
geed	gee	verb:past_participle+
geing	gee	verb:present_participle+
GNOME	GNOME	proper noun
gaby	gaby	noun
gabbro	gabbro	noun
gadder	gadder	noun
gage	gage	noun
gager	gager	noun
gagger	gagger	noun
gait	gait	noun
gaiter	gaiter	noun
gala	gala	noun
galena	galena	noun
gall	gall	noun
gall	gall	verb:simple_present+transitive
galls	gall	verb:simple_present+transitive
galled	gall	verb:simple_past+transitive
galled	gall	verb:past_participle+transitive
galling	gall	verb:present_participle+transitive
gall	gall	verb:simple_present+intransitive
galls	gall	verb:simple_present+intransitive
galled	gall	verb:simple_past+intransitive
galled	gall	verb:past_participle+intransitive
galling	gall	verb:present_participle+intransitive
gam	gam	noun
gambit	gambit	noun
ganger	ganger	noun
gannet	gannet	noun
gape	gape	verb:simple_present+
gapes	gape	verb:simple_present+
gaped	gape	verb:simple_past+
gaped	gape	verb:past_participle+
gaping	gape	verb:present_participle+
gaper	gaper	noun
garble	garble	verb:simple_present+
garbles	garble	verb:simple_present+
garbled	garble	verb:simple_past+
garbled	garble	verb:past_participle+
garbling	garble	verb:present_participle+
gasify	gasify	verb:simple_present+
gasifies	gasify	verb:simple_present+
gasified	gasify	verb:simple_past+
gasified	gasify	verb:past_participle+
gasifying	gasify	verb:present_participle+
gasser	gasser	noun
gauger	gauger	noun
gaur	gaur	noun
gauss	gauss	noun
gecko	gecko	noun
geyser	geyser	noun
gilder	gilder	noun
gilt	gilt	verb:simple_present+
gilts	gilt	verb:simple_present+
gilted	gilt	verb:simple_past+
gilted	gilt	verb:past_participle+
gilting	gilt	verb:present_participle+
gimbal	gimbal	noun
gingko	gingko	noun
glazer	glazer	noun
glen	glen	noun
glom	glom	verb:simple_present+
gloms	glom	verb:simple_present+
???	glom	verb:simple_past+
???	glom	verb:past_participle+
???	glom	verb:present_participle+
glycol	glycol	noun
gnarl	gnarl	noun
gnarl	gnarl	verb:simple_present+transitive
gnarls	gnarl	verb:simple_present+transitive
gnarled	gnarl	verb:simple_past+transitive
gnarled	gnarl	verb:past_participle+transitive
gnarling	gnarl	verb:present_participle+transitive
gnarl	gnarl	verb:simple_present+intransitive
gnarls	gnarl	verb:simple_present+intransitive
gnarled	gnarl	verb:simple_past+intransitive
gnarled	gnarl	verb:past_participle+intransitive
gnarling	gnarl	verb:present_participle+intransitive
godwit	godwit	noun
goer	goer	noun
goober	goober	noun
goobers	goober	noun:plural
gouge	gouge	noun
gouge	gouge	verb:simple_present+
gouges	gouge	verb:simple_present+
gouged	gouge	verb:simple_past+
gouged	gouge	verb:past_participle+
gouging	gouge	verb:present_participle+
gout	gout	noun
gravid	gravid	adjective
griper	griper	adjective
grippe	grippe	noun
grout	grout	noun
gumbo	gumbo	noun
gummer	gummer	noun
gunny	gunny	noun
gyp	gyp	noun
gyp	gyp	verb:simple_present+
gyps	gyp	verb:simple_present+
???	gyp	verb:simple_past+
???	gyp	verb:past_participle+
???	gyp	verb:present_participle+
gypsum	gypsum	noun
gyrate	gyrate	verb:simple_present+
gyrates	gyrate	verb:simple_present+
gyrated	gyrate	verb:simple_past+
gyrated	gyrate	verb:past_participle+
gyrating	gyrate	verb:present_participle+
gyro	gyro	noun
gyros	gyro	noun:plural
gaily	gaily	adverbe
gainsay	gainsay	verb:simple_present+
gainsays	gainsay	verb:simple_present+
gainsayed	gainsay	verb:simple_past+
gainsayed	gainsay	verb:past_participle+
gainsaying	gainsay	verb:present_participle+
galley	galley	noun
gallimaufry	gallimaufry	noun
galvanization	galvanization	noun
gang	gang	noun
gang	gang	verb:simple_present+
gangs	gang	verb:simple_present+
ganged	gang	verb:simple_past+
ganged	gang	verb:past_participle+
ganging	gang	verb:present_participle+
gaoler	gaoler	noun
gap	gap	noun
gaps	gap	noun:plural
gap	gap	verb:simple_present+
gaps	gap	verb:simple_present+
???	gap	verb:simple_past+
???	gap	verb:past_participle+
???	gap	verb:present_participle+
gather	gather	noun
gathers	gather	noun:plural
gather	gather	verb:simple_present+
gathers	gather	verb:simple_present+
gathered	gather	verb:simple_past+
gathered	gather	verb:past_participle+
gathering	gather	verb:present_participle+
gauge	gauge	noun
gauges	gauge	noun:plural
gauge	gauge	verb:simple_present+transitive
gauges	gauge	verb:simple_present+transitive
gauged	gauge	verb:simple_past+transitive
gauged	gauge	verb:past_participle+transitive
gauging	gauge	verb:present_participle+transitive
gaze	gaze	noun
gazes	gaze	noun:plural
gaze	gaze	verb:simple_present+
gazes	gaze	verb:simple_present+
gazed	gaze	verb:simple_past+
gazed	gaze	verb:past_participle+
gazing	gaze	verb:present_participle+
gazette	gazette	noun
gazette	gazette	verb:simple_present+
gazettes	gazette	verb:simple_present+
gazetted	gazette	verb:simple_past+
gazetted	gazette	verb:past_participle+
gazetting	gazette	verb:present_participle+
geld	geld	noun
geld	geld	verb:simple_present+
gelds	geld	verb:simple_present+
gelded	geld	verb:simple_past+
gelded	geld	verb:past_participle+
gelding	geld	verb:present_participle+
gentry	gentry	adjective
genuine	genuine	adjective
germanization	germanization	noun
germination	germination	noun
gestation	gestation	noun
gesticulation	gesticulation	noun
ghee	ghee	noun
gimp	gimp	noun
gimp	gimp	verb:simple_present+
gimps	gimp	verb:simple_present+
gimped	gimp	verb:simple_past+
gimped	gimp	verb:past_participle+
gimping	gimp	verb:present_participle+
gimp	gimp	adjective
girdle	girdle	noun
girdle	girdle	verb:simple_present+
girdles	girdle	verb:simple_present+
girdled	girdle	verb:simple_past+
girdled	girdle	verb:past_participle+
girdling	girdle	verb:present_participle+
glaciation	glaciation	noun
glans	glans	noun
glade	glade	noun
glamour	glamour	noun
glaze	glaze	noun
glaze	glaze	verb:simple_present+
glazes	glaze	verb:simple_present+
glazed	glaze	verb:simple_past+
glazed	glaze	verb:past_participle+
glazing	glaze	verb:present_participle+
gleam	gleam	noun
gleam	gleam	verb:simple_present+
gleams	gleam	verb:simple_present+
gleamed	gleam	verb:simple_past+
gleamed	gleam	verb:past_participle+
gleaming	gleam	verb:present_participle+
glee	glee	noun
glitter	glitter	noun
glitter	glitter	verb:simple_present+
glitters	glitter	verb:simple_present+
???	glitter	verb:simple_past+
???	glitter	verb:past_participle+
glittering	glitter	verb:present_participle+
glittering	glitter	verb:present_participle
gloomy	gloomy	adjective
glorification	glorification	noun
goad	goad	verb:simple_present+
goads	goad	verb:simple_present+
goaded	goad	verb:simple_past+
goaded	goad	verb:past_participle+
goading	goad	verb:present_participle+
goad	goad	noun
gown	gown	noun
grabber	grabber	noun
grader	grader	noun
grail	grail	noun
grainy	grainy	adjective
grand	grand	adjective
grand	grand	noun
grant	grant	verb:simple_present+
grants	grant	verb:simple_present+
granted	grant	verb:simple_past+
granted	grant	verb:past_participle+
granting	grant	verb:present_participle+
granting	grant	verb:present_participle
granulation	granulation	noun
graticulation	graticulation	noun
gratification	gratification	noun
graze	graze	noun
graze	graze	verb:simple_present+
grazes	graze	verb:simple_present+
grazed	graze	verb:simple_past+
grazed	graze	verb:past_participle+
grazing	graze	verb:present_participle+
grebe	grebe	noun
greed	greed	noun
greet	greet	noun
greet	greet	verb:simple_present+
greets	greet	verb:simple_present+
greeted	greet	verb:simple_past+
greeted	greet	verb:past_participle+
greeting	greet	verb:present_participle+
greet	greet	adjective
grief	grief	noun
grimace	grimace	noun
grimace	grimace	verb:simple_present+
grimaces	grimace	verb:simple_present+
grimaced	grimace	verb:simple_past+
grimaced	grimace	verb:past_participle+
grimacing	grimace	verb:present_participle+
grisette	grisette	noun
gritty	gritty	adjective
growl	growl	noun
growl	growl	verb:simple_present+
growls	growl	verb:simple_present+
growled	growl	verb:simple_past+
growled	growl	verb:past_participle+
growling	growl	verb:present_participle+
growling	growl	verb:present_participle
gubernation	gubernation	noun
guise	guise	noun
gustation	gustation	noun
gyration	gyration	noun
grep	grep	proper noun
grep	grep	verb:simple_present+
greps	grep	verb:simple_present+
???	grep	verb:simple_past+
???	grep	verb:past_participle+
???	grep	verb:present_participle+
greppable	greppable	adjective
gimcrack	gimcrack	adjective
glottogony	glottogony	noun
glute	glute	noun
glutes	glute	noun:plural
gold-finger	gold-finger	noun
googledork	googledork	noun
google-proof	google-proof	adjective
google-proof	google-proof	verb:simple_present+transitive
google-proofs	google-proof	verb:simple_present+transitive
google-proofed	google-proof	verb:simple_past+transitive
google-proofed	google-proof	verb:past_participle+transitive
google-proofing	google-proof	verb:present_participle+transitive
gumption	gumption	noun
gargoyle	gargoyle	noun
gallophilia	gallophilia	noun
germanophilia	germanophilia	noun
geophilia	geophilia	noun
gerontophilia	gerontophilia	noun
glossophilia	glossophilia	noun
gynephilia	gynephilia	noun
gynophobia	gynophobia	noun
gantry	gantry	noun
geotaxis	geotaxis	noun
gullah	gullah	adjective
gullah	gullah	proper noun
glurgy	glurgy	adjective
granite	granite	noun
grappa	grappa	noun
gladiator	gladiator	noun
gorblimey	gorblimey	interjection
gorgeous	gorgeous	adjective
gyratory	gyratory	adjective
git	git	noun
git	git	verb:simple_present+
gits	git	verb:simple_present+
???	git	verb:simple_past+
???	git	verb:past_participle+
???	git	verb:present_participle+
generous	generous	adjective
generosity	generosity	noun
goldarn	goldarn	interjection
goldarnit	goldarnit	interjection
goshdarn	goshdarn	interjection
goshdarnit	goshdarnit	interjection
goldurn	goldurn	interjection
goldurnit	goldurnit	interjection
goshdurn	goshdurn	interjection
gosh	gosh	interjection
garbanzo	garbanzo	noun
garbanzos	garbanzo	noun:plural
Gimel	Gimel	noun
Gimel	Gimel	proper noun
G-d	G-d	proper noun
gospel	gospel	noun
greedy	greedy	adjective
gat	gat	noun
gav	gav	proper noun
gibibyte	gibibyte	noun
gibibytes	gibibyte	noun:plural
gigabyte	gigabyte	noun
gigabytes	gigabyte	noun:plural
Ginny	Ginny	proper noun
Ginnys	Ginny	proper noun:plural
giver	giver	noun
genius	genius	noun
geniuses	genius	noun:plural
grouse	grouse	noun
goods	goods	noun
gluon	gluon	noun
gluons	gluon	noun:plural
graviton	graviton	noun
gravitational	gravitational	adjective
grotesque	grotesque	adjective
Geelong	Geelong	proper noun
gaduin	gaduin	noun
glomp	glomp	verb:simple_present+
glomps	glomp	verb:simple_present+
glomped	glomp	verb:simple_past+
glomped	glomp	verb:past_participle+
glomping	glomp	verb:present_participle+
gullible	gullible	adjective
Gibraltar	Gibraltar	proper noun
gallant	gallant	adjective
gink	gink	noun
ginks	gink	noun:plural
grinder	grinder	noun
grinders	grinder	noun:plural
geocentric	geocentric	adjective
gorilla	gorilla	noun
ghastly	ghastly	adjective
genie	genie	noun
glue	glue	noun
glues	glue	noun:plural
glue	glue	verb:simple_present+
glues	glue	verb:simple_present+
glued	glue	verb:simple_past+
glued	glue	verb:past_participle+
gluing	glue	verb:present_participle+
googlish	googlish	adjective
googlish	googlish	noun
great-grandparent	great-grandparent	noun
gynecology	gynecology	noun
glengarry	glengarry	noun
garbologist	garbologist	noun
grecized	grecized	verb:simple_present+
grecizeds	grecized	verb:simple_present+
???	grecized	verb:simple_past+
???	grecized	verb:past_participle+
???	grecized	verb:present_participle+
girder	girder	noun
Gabriel	Gabriel	proper noun
goner	goner	noun
goners	goner	noun:plural
goners	goners	noun
graffito	graffito	noun
gutted	gutted	adjective
gelid	gelid	adjective
giggle	giggle	verb:simple_present+intransitive
giggles	giggle	verb:simple_present+intransitive
giggled	giggle	verb:simple_past+intransitive
giggled	giggle	verb:past_participle+intransitive
giggling	giggle	verb:present_participle+intransitive
giggle	giggle	noun
giggles	giggle	noun:plural
garland	garland	noun
garlands	garland	noun:plural
garland	garland	verb:simple_present+transitive
garlands	garland	verb:simple_present+transitive
garlanded	garland	verb:simple_past+transitive
garlanded	garland	verb:past_participle+transitive
garlanding	garland	verb:present_participle+transitive
generate	generate	verb:simple_present+transitive
generates	generate	verb:simple_present+transitive
generated	generate	verb:simple_past+transitive
generated	generate	verb:past_participle+transitive
generating	generate	verb:present_participle+transitive
gabion	gabion	noun
gills	gills	noun
greeting	greeting	noun
greeting	greeting	verb:simple_present+
greetings	greeting	verb:simple_present+
greetinged	greeting	verb:simple_past+
greetinged	greeting	verb:past_participle+
greetinging	greeting	verb:present_participle+
grade	grade	noun
grade	grade	verb:simple_present+
grades	grade	verb:simple_present+
graded	grade	verb:simple_past+
graded	grade	verb:past_participle+
grading	grade	verb:present_participle+
gondola	gondola	noun
geometry	geometry	noun
gizmo	gizmo	noun
guideline	guideline	noun
guidelines	guideline	noun:plural
guidance	guidance	noun
gush	gush	verb:simple_present+
gushs	gush	verb:simple_present+
gushed	gush	verb:simple_past+
gushed	gush	verb:past_participle+
gushing	gush	verb:present_participle+
gush	gush	verb:simple_present+
gushs	gush	verb:simple_present+
gushed	gush	verb:simple_past+
gushed	gush	verb:past_participle+
gushing	gush	verb:present_participle+
gush	gush	noun
gentoo	gentoo	proper noun
gentoo	gentoo	noun
gaum	gaum	noun
gams	gams	noun
groan	groan	noun
groan	groan	verb:simple_present+
groans	groan	verb:simple_present+
groaned	groan	verb:simple_past+
groaned	groan	verb:past_participle+
groaning	groan	verb:present_participle+
garda	garda	noun
gentle	gentle	adjective
greatest	greatest	adjective
gombeen	gombeen	noun
gombeen	gombeen	adjective
ghit	ghit	noun
ghits	ghit	noun:plural
galileo	galileo	noun
galileos	galileo	noun:plural
galileo	galileo	proper noun
gunpowder	gunpowder	noun
galore	galore	adverbe
gunyah	gunyah	noun
gitmo	gitmo	noun
grit	grit	noun
grit	grit	verb:simple_present+
grits	grit	verb:simple_present+
???	grit	verb:simple_past+
???	grit	verb:past_participle+
???	grit	verb:present_participle+
gritting	grit	verb:present_participle
gretel	gretel	proper noun
gaeaf	gaeaf	noun
Gorffennaf	Gorffennaf	proper noun
geneth	geneth	noun
glo	glo	noun
gambling	gambling	noun
gnarly	gnarly	adjective
gumba	gumba	noun
geranium	geranium	noun
geranium	geranium	adjective
gadfly	gadfly	noun
gadflies	gadfly	noun:plural
gynocentrism	gynocentrism	noun
Gloucestershire	Gloucestershire	proper noun
guild	guild	noun
Gillian	Gillian	proper noun
gurage	gurage	proper noun
giving	giving	verb:simple_present+
givings	giving	verb:simple_present+
givinged	giving	verb:simple_past+
givinged	giving	verb:past_participle+
givinging	giving	verb:present_participle+
giving	giving	adjective
grigri	grigri	noun
gaseous	gaseous	adjective
geographic	geographic	adjective
gonad	gonad	noun
gonads	gonad	noun:plural
gobbledegook	gobbledegook	noun
genera	genera	noun
gangbanger	gangbanger	noun
golden	golden	adjective
galangal	galangal	noun
galleon	galleon	noun
grudge	grudge	noun
gogledd	gogledd	noun
gogledd	gogledd	adjective
gogleddol	gogleddol	adjective
gwyrddlas	gwyrddlas	adjective
gwyrdd	gwyrdd	noun
gwyrdd	gwyrdd	adjective
goidelic	goidelic	adjective
goidelic	goidelic	noun
goidel	goidel	noun
gorllewin	gorllewin	noun
gwyn	gwyn	noun
gwyn	gwyn	noun
gwyn	gwyn	adjective
gi	gi	noun
glawio	glawio	verb:simple_present+
glawioes	glawio	verb:simple_present+
glawioed	glawio	verb:simple_past+
glawioed	glawio	verb:past_participle+
glawioing	glawio	verb:present_participle+
greenish	greenish	adjective
geiriadur	geiriadur	noun
giraffiti	giraffiti	noun
glottochronology	glottochronology	noun
Greenwich	Greenwich	proper noun
gran	gran	noun
gonzo	gonzo	adjective
gossamer	gossamer	noun
gossamer	gossamer	adjective
Gordon	Gordon	proper noun
goaler	goaler	noun
goalers	goaler	noun:plural
gunnery	gunnery	noun
gelt	gelt	noun
Gaea	Gaea	proper noun
genesis	genesis	noun
gloss	gloss	noun
gloss	gloss	verb:simple_present+
glosss	gloss	verb:simple_present+
glossed	gloss	verb:simple_past+
glossed	gloss	verb:past_participle+
glossing	gloss	verb:present_participle+
Gnostic	Gnostic	adjective
Gnostic	Gnostic	noun
gallery	gallery	noun
gutta-percha	gutta-percha	noun
goulash	goulash	noun
grouper	grouper	noun
gaucho	gaucho	noun
gravlax	gravlax	noun
garth	garth	noun
gawk	gawk	verb:simple_present+intransitive
gawks	gawk	verb:simple_present+intransitive
gawked	gawk	verb:simple_past+intransitive
gawked	gawk	verb:past_participle+intransitive
gawking	gawk	verb:present_participle+intransitive
gust	gust	noun
gust	gust	verb:simple_present+intransitive
gusts	gust	verb:simple_present+intransitive
gusted	gust	verb:simple_past+intransitive
gusted	gust	verb:past_participle+intransitive
gusting	gust	verb:present_participle+intransitive
gin	gin	noun
gins	gin	noun:plural
gin	gin	verb:simple_present+transitive
gins	gin	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	gin	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	gin	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	gin	verb:present_participle+transitive
Galizan	Galizan	proper noun
galiza	galiza	proper noun
gurner	gurner	noun
gurning	gurning	noun
gurn	gurn	verb:simple_present+intransitive
gurns	gurn	verb:simple_present+intransitive
gurned	gurn	verb:simple_past+intransitive
gurned	gurn	verb:past_participle+intransitive
gurning	gurn	verb:present_participle+intransitive
glutamate	glutamate	noun
gorgon	gorgon	noun
greywater	greywater	noun
gopuram	gopuram	noun
guestimate	guestimate	noun
genocide	genocide	noun
grouping	grouping	verbal noun
grouping	grouping	noun
groupings	grouping	noun:plural
glaucoma	glaucoma	noun
glycoprotein	glycoprotein	noun
glyphs	glyphs	noun
Goran	Goran	proper noun
galactic	galactic	adjective
Geoffrey	Geoffrey	proper noun
Godfrey	Godfrey	proper noun
growler	growler	noun
gaeltacht	gaeltacht	noun
glowing	glowing	verbal noun
glowing	glowing	adjective
grange	grange	noun
good-looking	good-looking	adjective
gunfire	gunfire	noun
gravel	gravel	noun
gravel	gravel	verb:simple_present+transitive
gravels	gravel	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	gravel	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	gravel	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	gravel	verb:present_participle+transitive
geometric	geometric	adjective
gross	gross	adjective
gross	gross	noun
gross	gross	verb:simple_present+
grosss	gross	verb:simple_present+
grossed	gross	verb:simple_past+
grossed	gross	verb:past_participle+
grossing	gross	verb:present_participle+
gobble	gobble	verb:simple_present+
gobbles	gobble	verb:simple_present+
gobbled	gobble	verb:simple_past+
gobbled	gobble	verb:past_participle+
gobbling	gobble	verb:present_participle+
gobbler	gobbler	noun
Glaswegian	Glaswegian	adjective
Glaswegian	Glaswegian	noun
Glaswegians	Glaswegian	noun:plural
grubber	grubber	noun
gully	gully	noun
gooseberry	gooseberry	noun
grassroots	grassroots	adjective
gill	gill	noun
gyrwynt	gyrwynt	noun
growing	growing	verbal noun
growing	growing	adjective
gesture	gesture	noun
gesture	gesture	verb:simple_present+
gestures	gesture	verb:simple_present+
gestured	gesture	verb:simple_past+
gestured	gesture	verb:past_participle+
gesturing	gesture	verb:present_participle+
god-forsaken	god-forsaken	adjective
godless	godless	adjective
god-child	god-child	noun
gracious	gracious	adjective
gracious	gracious	interjection
ghillie	ghillie	noun
godparent	godparent	noun
godparents	godparent	noun:plural
god-awful	god-awful	adjective
giro	giro	noun
gal	gal	noun
gals	gal	noun:plural
gal	gal	noun
gals	gal	noun:plural
genuphallation	genuphallation	noun
god-fearing	god-fearing	adjective
gutter	gutter	noun
gutter	gutter	adjective
gunter	gunter	proper noun
Gunther	Gunther	proper noun
gallows	gallows	noun
glycerol	glycerol	noun
genotoxic	genotoxic	adjective
gymnosperm	gymnosperm	noun
girly	girly	adjective
ghosting	ghosting	noun
greeny	greeny	noun
greeny	greeny	adjective
gaslight	gaslight	noun
gullibility	gullibility	noun
grin	grin	noun
grins	grin	noun:plural
grin	grin	verb:simple_present+intransitive
grins	grin	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	grin	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	grin	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	grin	verb:present_participle+intransitive
gotra	gotra	noun
guilty	guilty	adjective
guilty	guilty	noun
gravitropism	gravitropism	noun
gyve	gyve	noun
galoshes	galoshes	noun
greatly	greatly	adverbe
goba	goba	noun
goba	goba	verb:simple_present+
gobas	goba	verb:simple_present+
gobad	goba	verb:simple_past+
gobad	goba	verb:past_participle+
gobing	goba	verb:present_participle+
gobtha	gobtha	verb:simple_present+
gobthas	gobtha	verb:simple_present+
gobthad	gobtha	verb:simple_past+
gobthad	gobtha	verb:past_participle+
gobthing	gobtha	verb:present_participle+
graceful	graceful	adjective
graceless	graceless	adjective
gory	gory	adjective
gore	gore	noun
gore	gore	verb:simple_present+
gores	gore	verb:simple_present+
gored	gore	verb:simple_past+
gored	gore	verb:past_participle+
goring	gore	verb:present_participle+
gore	gore	noun
gores	gore	noun:plural
gauche	gauche	adjective
gasp	gasp	verb:simple_present+
gasps	gasp	verb:simple_present+
gasped	gasp	verb:simple_past+
gasped	gasp	verb:past_participle+
gasping	gasp	verb:present_participle+
gasping	gasp	verb:present_participle
gasp	gasp	noun
gadzooks	gadzooks	interjection
gobadh	gobadh	verb:simple_present+
gobadhs	gobadh	verb:simple_present+
gobadhed	gobadh	verb:simple_past+
gobadhed	gobadh	verb:past_participle+
gobadhing	gobadh	verb:present_participle+
gol	gol	verb:simple_present+
gols	gol	verb:simple_present+
???	gol	verb:simple_past+
???	gol	verb:past_participle+
???	gol	verb:present_participle+
goil	goil	verb:simple_present+
goils	goil	verb:simple_present+
goiled	goil	verb:simple_past+
goiled	goil	verb:past_participle+
goiling	goil	verb:present_participle+
glan	glan	adjective
guilt	guilt	noun
granda	granda	adjective
gently	gently	adverbe
gratuita	gratuita	adjective
grundle	grundle	noun
grundle	grundle	verb:simple_present+
grundles	grundle	verb:simple_present+
grundled	grundle	verb:simple_past+
grundled	grundle	verb:past_participle+
grundling	grundle	verb:present_participle+
grundle	grundle	noun
Graham	Graham	proper noun
gamesmanship	gamesmanship	noun
getup	getup	noun
getups	getup	noun:plural
gerrymander	gerrymander	noun
gerrymander	gerrymander	verb:simple_present+
gerrymanders	gerrymander	verb:simple_present+
???	gerrymander	verb:simple_past+
???	gerrymander	verb:past_participle+
gerrymandering	gerrymander	verb:present_participle+
gerrymandering	gerrymander	verb:present_participle
garish	garish	adjective
garget	garget	noun
greensward	greensward	noun
greenswards	greensward	noun:plural
gelding	gelding	noun
gubbins	gubbins	noun
gangbang	gangbang	noun
gangbang	gangbang	verb:simple_present+
gangbangs	gangbang	verb:simple_present+
gangbanged	gangbang	verb:simple_past+
gangbanged	gangbang	verb:past_participle+
gangbanging	gangbang	verb:present_participle+
gluten	gluten	noun
gliadin	gliadin	noun
glutin	glutin	noun
glutelin	glutelin	noun
gurdwara	gurdwara	noun
gurdwaras	gurdwara	noun:plural
Gurjit	Gurjit	proper noun
grocery	grocery	noun
grocer	grocer	noun
greengrocer	greengrocer	noun
geophagia	geophagia	noun
gribble	gribble	noun
goblet	goblet	noun
goblets	goblet	noun:plural
gmail	gmail	noun
gmails	gmail	noun:plural
grounds	grounds	noun
gank	gank	verb:simple_present+transitive
ganks	gank	verb:simple_present+transitive
ganked	gank	verb:simple_past+transitive
ganked	gank	verb:past_participle+transitive
ganking	gank	verb:present_participle+transitive
glas	glas	adjective
glas	glas	adjective
genographic	genographic	adjective
giveaway	giveaway	noun
golly	golly	interjection
golly	golly	noun
glance	glance	verb:simple_present+
glances	glance	verb:simple_present+
glanced	glance	verb:simple_past+
glanced	glance	verb:past_participle+
glancing	glance	verb:present_participle+
glance	glance	noun
glances	glance	noun:plural
granulate	granulate	verb:simple_present+
granulates	granulate	verb:simple_present+
granulated	granulate	verb:simple_past+
granulated	granulate	verb:past_participle+
granulating	granulate	verb:present_participle+
geekasm	geekasm	noun
gastronomy	gastronomy	noun
gourmand	gourmand	noun
gourmands	gourmand	noun:plural
gerundive	gerundive	noun
geodesic	geodesic	noun
geodesic	geodesic	adjective
geodesy	geodesy	noun
G-funk	G-funk	noun
grovel	grovel	verb:simple_present+
grovels	grovel	verb:simple_present+
???	grovel	verb:simple_past+
???	grovel	verb:past_participle+
???	grovel	verb:present_participle+
gravitas	gravitas	noun
gifted	gifted	adjective
gratulation	gratulation	noun
gratulations	gratulation	noun:plural
gratulate	gratulate	verb:simple_present+
gratulates	gratulate	verb:simple_present+
gratulated	gratulate	verb:simple_past+
gratulated	gratulate	verb:past_participle+
gratulating	gratulate	verb:present_participle+
gruel	gruel	noun
groin	groin	noun
groins	groin	noun:plural
greenery	greenery	noun
greeneries	greenery	noun:plural
gradually	gradually	adverbe
gulf	gulf	noun
gulfs	gulf	noun:plural
gradual	gradual	adjective
gradual	gradual	noun
gichi-manidoo-giizis	gichi-manidoo-giizis	noun
grant-in-aid	grant-in-aid	noun
gashkadino-giizis	gashkadino-giizis	noun
gleed	gleed	noun
guillotine	guillotine	noun
giizis	giizis	noun
gichi-	gichi-	adjective
geotextile	geotextile	noun
gattu	gattu	noun
giniw	giniw	noun
gamp	gamp	noun
gaydar	gaydar	noun
goodness	goodness	noun
grad	grad	noun
grads	grad	noun:plural
gaiety	gaiety	noun
gayness	gayness	noun
gonorrhea	gonorrhea	noun
gastronome	gastronome	noun
googlebomb	googlebomb	verb:simple_present+transitive
googlebombs	googlebomb	verb:simple_present+transitive
googlebombed	googlebomb	verb:simple_past+transitive
googlebombed	googlebomb	verb:past_participle+transitive
googlebombing	googlebomb	verb:present_participle+transitive
gollywog	gollywog	noun
G-Man	G-Man	noun
gardyloo	gardyloo	interjection
gloaming	gloaming	noun
goaltender	goaltender	noun
graduand	graduand	noun
graduands	graduand	noun:plural
garage	garage	noun
gbense	gbense	noun
glide	glide	verb:simple_present+intransitive
glides	glide	verb:simple_present+intransitive
glided	glide	verb:simple_past+intransitive
glided	glide	verb:past_participle+intransitive
gliding	glide	verb:present_participle+intransitive
glide	glide	verb:simple_present+transitive
glides	glide	verb:simple_present+transitive
glided	glide	verb:simple_past+transitive
glided	glide	verb:past_participle+transitive
gliding	glide	verb:present_participle+transitive
glide	glide	noun
glides	glide	noun:plural
gliding	gliding	verb:simple_present+
glidings	gliding	verb:simple_present+
glidinged	gliding	verb:simple_past+
glidinged	gliding	verb:past_participle+
glidinging	gliding	verb:present_participle+
gliding	gliding	noun
gbensei	gbensei	noun
gagai	gagai	noun
gusto	gusto	noun
grike	grike	noun
gasconade	gasconade	noun
gay-you	gay-you	noun
gazebo	gazebo	noun
grim	grim	adjective
Gary	Gary	proper noun
groundnut	groundnut	noun
glib	glib	adjective
gradient	gradient	noun
gradients	gradient	noun:plural
grouch	grouch	noun
grouches	grouch	noun:plural
grouch	grouch	verb:simple_present+intransitive
grouchs	grouch	verb:simple_present+intransitive
grouched	grouch	verb:simple_past+intransitive
grouched	grouch	verb:past_participle+intransitive
grouching	grouch	verb:present_participle+intransitive
glede	glede	noun
glacial	glacial	adjective
gibberellin	gibberellin	noun
grumble	grumble	noun
grumble	grumble	verb:simple_present+intransitive
grumbles	grumble	verb:simple_present+intransitive
grumbled	grumble	verb:simple_past+intransitive
grumbled	grumble	verb:past_participle+intransitive
grumbling	grumble	verb:present_participle+intransitive
golliwog	golliwog	noun
guppy	guppy	noun
globule	globule	noun
gleeful	gleeful	adjective
greyboy	greyboy	noun
glare	glare	noun
glare	glare	verb:simple_present+
glares	glare	verb:simple_present+
glared	glare	verb:simple_past+
glared	glare	verb:past_participle+
glaring	glare	verb:present_participle+
goo	goo	noun
gunk	gunk	noun
gathering	gathering	noun
gathering	gathering	verb:simple_present+
gatherings	gathering	verb:simple_present+
gatheringed	gathering	verb:simple_past+
gatheringed	gathering	verb:past_participle+
gatheringing	gathering	verb:present_participle+
get-together	get-together	noun
goof-up	goof-up	noun
goof-ups	goof-up	noun:plural
grackle	grackle	noun
grumpy	grumpy	adjective
genital	genital	adjective
genital	genital	noun
garruda	garruda	noun
gustatory	gustatory	adjective
gawping	gawping	verbal noun
gawping	gawping	adjective
genealogy	genealogy	noun
genealogical	genealogical	adjective
germicidal	germicidal	adjective
grievance	grievance	noun
gooseflesh	gooseflesh	noun
geologic	geologic	adjective
Guadalupian	Guadalupian	adjective
Guadalupian	Guadalupian	noun
gynogenetically	gynogenetically	adverbe
gynogenesis	gynogenesis	noun
Grignard	Grignard	proper noun
grandkid	grandkid	noun
grandkids	grandkid	noun:plural
goldfinch	goldfinch	noun
goldfinches	goldfinch	noun:plural
giddy	giddy	adjective
gugurrgaagaa	gugurrgaagaa	noun
gnomic	gnomic	adjective
genitourinary	genitourinary	adjective
glower	glower	verb:simple_present+intransitive
glowers	glower	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	glower	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	glower	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	glower	verb:present_participle+intransitive
glowers	glower	verb:plural
glower	glower	noun
glowers	glower	noun:plural
Gaia	Gaia	proper noun
Ganymede	Ganymede	proper noun
genitals	genitals	noun
guilin	guilin	noun
glimpse	glimpse	noun
glimpse	glimpse	verb:simple_present+transitive
glimpses	glimpse	verb:simple_present+transitive
glimpsed	glimpse	verb:simple_past+transitive
glimpsed	glimpse	verb:past_participle+transitive
glimpsing	glimpse	verb:present_participle+transitive
gravitate	gravitate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
gravitates	gravitate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
gravitated	gravitate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
gravitated	gravitate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
gravitating	gravitate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
groove	groove	noun
guffaw	guffaw	noun
guffaw	guffaw	verb:simple_present+intransitive
guffaws	guffaw	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	guffaw	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	guffaw	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	guffaw	verb:present_participle+intransitive
gamboge	gamboge	noun
gamboge	gamboge	adjective
gotcha	gotcha	noun
gadget	gadget	noun
gamete	gamete	noun
gametes	gamete	noun:plural
grandam	grandam	noun
genial	genial	adjective
gainsboro	gainsboro	noun
gainsboro	gainsboro	adjective
goldenrod	goldenrod	noun
goldenrod	goldenrod	adjective
grizzle	grizzle	noun
grizzle	grizzle	adjective
gunmetal-grey	gunmetal-grey	noun
gunmetal-grey	gunmetal-grey	adjective
Gregory	Gregory	proper noun
genericize	genericize	verb:simple_present+transitive
genericizes	genericize	verb:simple_present+transitive
genericized	genericize	verb:simple_past+transitive
genericized	genericize	verb:past_participle+transitive
genericizing	genericize	verb:present_participle+transitive
galoshe	galoshe	noun
ginge	ginge	adjective
ginge	ginge	verb:simple_present+
ginges	ginge	verb:simple_present+
ginged	ginge	verb:simple_past+
ginged	ginge	verb:past_participle+
ginging	ginge	verb:present_participle+
ganglion	ganglion	noun
graverobber	graverobber	noun
grommet	grommet	noun
grammatical	grammatical	adjective
gitaar	gitaar	noun
great-grandchild	great-grandchild	noun
guinean	guinean	adjective
Glamorganshire	Glamorganshire	proper noun
gules	gules	noun
gode	gode	noun
geomancy	geomancy	noun
gerontocracy	gerontocracy	noun
Ga	Ga	proper noun
Ge	Ge	proper noun
Gemini	Gemini	proper noun
Gene	Gene	proper noun
Gene	Gene	noun
Genesis	Genesis	proper noun
Gnat	Gnat	proper noun
Gnats	Gnat	proper noun:plural
God	God	proper noun
Goofy	Goofy	proper noun
Google	Google	proper noun
Gorilla	Gorilla	proper noun
Greens	Greens	proper noun
glaucous	glaucous	noun
glaucous	glaucous	adjective
gription	gription	noun
gaud	gaud	noun
gimmer	gimmer	noun
grayling	grayling	noun
genoa	genoa	noun
genoas	genoa	noun:plural
gruff	gruff	adjective
Gentianales	Gentianales	proper noun
gleba	gleba	noun
ginkgo	ginkgo	noun
ginkgoes	ginkgo	noun:plural
Galen	Galen	proper noun
gingerly	gingerly	adverbe
grass-green	grass-green	noun
grass-green	grass-green	adjective
gephyrophobia	gephyrophobia	noun
guyed	guyed	adjective
gwenn	gwenn	adjective
GOTO	GOTO	noun
gigantism	gigantism	noun
giantism	giantism	noun
groupetto	groupetto	noun
grunge	grunge	noun
getaway	getaway	noun
getaways	getaway	noun:plural
georeactor	georeactor	noun
georeactor	georeactor	noun
gatherer	gatherer	noun
guzzle	guzzle	verb:simple_present+
guzzles	guzzle	verb:simple_present+
guzzled	guzzle	verb:simple_past+
guzzled	guzzle	verb:past_participle+
guzzling	guzzle	verb:present_participle+
gobsmacked	gobsmacked	adjective
gherkin	gherkin	noun
gherkins	gherkin	noun:plural
goodfella	goodfella	noun
Gurkha	Gurkha	proper noun
gybe	gybe	verb:simple_present+
gybes	gybe	verb:simple_present+
gybed	gybe	verb:simple_past+
gybed	gybe	verb:past_participle+
gybing	gybe	verb:present_participle+
gybe	gybe	noun
Grammy	Grammy	proper noun
gack	gack	verb:simple_present+transitive
gacks	gack	verb:simple_present+transitive
gacked	gack	verb:simple_past+transitive
gacked	gack	verb:past_participle+transitive
gacking	gack	verb:present_participle+transitive
Geraldine	Geraldine	proper noun
gimmick	gimmick	noun
gimmick	gimmick	verb:simple_present+
gimmicks	gimmick	verb:simple_present+
gimmicked	gimmick	verb:simple_past+
gimmicked	gimmick	verb:past_participle+
gimmicking	gimmick	verb:present_participle+
geoponics	geoponics	noun
gerontology	gerontology	noun
graphology	graphology	noun
go-ahead	go-ahead	noun
go-between	go-between	noun
groyne	groyne	noun
groynes	groyne	noun:plural
ghi	ghi	noun
gafas	gafas	noun
gau	gau	noun
gummy	gummy	adjective
gummy	gummy	noun
gooey	gooey	adjective
greeble	greeble	noun
ganjineh	ganjineh	noun
gnar	gnar	adjective
gnar	gnar	verb:simple_present+intransitive
gnars	gnar	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	gnar	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	gnar	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	gnar	verb:present_participle+intransitive
guerrilla	guerrilla	noun
Guillermo	Guillermo	proper noun
graven	graven	adjective
greasy	greasy	adjective
Gaw	Gaw	proper noun
groundwork	groundwork	noun
gingiva	gingiva	noun
gingivitis	gingivitis	noun
gentrification	gentrification	noun
girllover	girllover	noun
Gen.	Gen.	proper noun
Gen.	Gen.	noun
gal.	gal.	noun
Gutenberg	Gutenberg	proper noun
getting	getting	verb:simple_present+
gettings	getting	verb:simple_present+
gettinged	getting	verb:simple_past+
gettinged	getting	verb:past_participle+
gettinging	getting	verb:present_participle+
galliano	galliano	noun
gentlemen	gentlemen	noun
Godspeed	Godspeed	noun
gratefully	gratefully	adverbe
glanced	glanced	verb:simple_present+
glanceds	glanced	verb:simple_present+
???	glanced	verb:simple_past+
???	glanced	verb:past_participle+
???	glanced	verb:present_participle+
glances	glances	verb:simple_present+
glancess	glances	verb:simple_present+
???	glances	verb:simple_past+
???	glances	verb:past_participle+
???	glances	verb:present_participle+
glancing	glancing	verb:simple_present+
glancings	glancing	verb:simple_present+
glancinged	glancing	verb:simple_past+
glancinged	glancing	verb:past_participle+
glancinging	glancing	verb:present_participle+
gasoduct	gasoduct	noun
go-getter	go-getter	noun
glasnost	glasnost	noun
gomphosis	gomphosis	noun
grenade	grenade	noun
gina	gina	noun
ginas	gina	noun:plural
gets	gets	verb:simple_present+
getss	gets	verb:simple_present+
getsed	gets	verb:simple_past+
getsed	gets	verb:past_participle+
getsing	gets	verb:present_participle+
gastropod	gastropod	noun
gestalt	gestalt	noun
Gestalt	Gestalt	noun
glume	glume	noun
gnawer	gnawer	noun
granule	granule	noun
grill	grill	noun
grill	grill	noun
grill	grill	verb:simple_present+
grills	grill	verb:simple_present+
grilled	grill	verb:simple_past+
grilled	grill	verb:past_participle+
grilling	grill	verb:present_participle+
gazed	gazed	verb:simple_present+
gazeds	gazed	verb:simple_present+
???	gazed	verb:simple_past+
???	gazed	verb:past_participle+
???	gazed	verb:present_participle+
guests	guests	noun
gates	gates	noun
goglet	goglet	noun
gelatinous	gelatinous	adjective
guesswork	guesswork	noun
gravamen	gravamen	noun
gravamens	gravamen	noun:plural
geminate	geminate	verb:simple_present+
geminates	geminate	verb:simple_present+
geminated	geminate	verb:simple_past+
geminated	geminate	verb:past_participle+
geminating	geminate	verb:present_participle+
geminate	geminate	adjective
gemmulation	gemmulation	noun
gemmule	gemmule	noun
gemma	gemma	noun
ginner	ginner	noun
gweilo	gweilo	noun
grouty	grouty	adjective
gashouse	gashouse	noun
gonif	gonif	noun
goog	goog	noun
grift	grift	noun
grifter	grifter	noun
gumshoe	gumshoe	noun
gametocyte	gametocyte	noun
gametocytes	gametocyte	noun:plural
gazing	gazing	verb:simple_present+
gazings	gazing	verb:simple_present+
gazinged	gazing	verb:simple_past+
gazinged	gazing	verb:past_participle+
gazinging	gazing	verb:present_participle+
goofball	goofball	noun
goofball	goofball	adjective
grandiloquently	grandiloquently	adverbe
grot	grot	noun
grotto	grotto	noun
godforsaken	godforsaken	adjective
ganef	ganef	noun
gunsel	gunsel	noun
grotty	grotty	adjective
Ghazwa	Ghazwa	noun
geez	geez	interjection
gable	gable	noun
griffon	griffon	noun
ghostly	ghostly	adjective
googolplexed	googolplexed	adjective
graph-theoretical	graph-theoretical	adjective
gamelan	gamelan	noun
grandiloquence	grandiloquence	noun
greenwash	greenwash	noun
greenwash	greenwash	verb:simple_present+
greenwashs	greenwash	verb:simple_present+
greenwashed	greenwash	verb:simple_past+
greenwashed	greenwash	verb:past_participle+
greenwashing	greenwash	verb:present_participle+
groupthink	groupthink	noun
graphomania	graphomania	noun
grounder	grounder	noun
grounders	grounder	noun:plural
grantee	grantee	noun
grantor	grantor	noun
givens	givens	noun
gastrotrich	gastrotrich	noun
geodetic	geodetic	adjective
gigged	gigged	verb:simple_present+
giggeds	gigged	verb:simple_present+
???	gigged	verb:simple_past+
???	gigged	verb:past_participle+
???	gigged	verb:present_participle+
groovy	groovy	adjective
gibbous	gibbous	adjective
garner	garner	noun
garner	garner	verb:simple_present+
garners	garner	verb:simple_present+
???	garner	verb:simple_past+
???	garner	verb:past_participle+
???	garner	verb:present_participle+
gan	gan	verb:simple_present+
gans	gan	verb:simple_present+
???	gan	verb:simple_past+
???	gan	verb:past_participle+
???	gan	verb:present_participle+
germane	germane	adjective
gouging	gouging	verb:simple_present+
gougings	gouging	verb:simple_present+
gouginged	gouging	verb:simple_past+
gouginged	gouging	verb:past_participle+
gouginging	gouging	verb:present_participle+
gouger	gouger	noun
goop	goop	noun
gaudy	gaudy	adjective
