month	month	noun
months	month	noun:plural
march	march	noun
marches	march	noun:plural
march	march	verb:simple_present+
marchs	march	verb:simple_present+
marched	march	verb:simple_past+
marched	march	verb:past_participle+
marching	march	verb:present_participle+
march	march	noun
may	may	verb:simple_present+auxiliary
mays	may	verb:simple_present+auxiliary
mayed	may	verb:simple_past+auxiliary
mayed	may	verb:past_participle+auxiliary
maying	may	verb:present_participle+auxiliary
may	may	noun
multiculturalism	multiculturalism	noun
Monday	Monday	proper noun
minute	minute	noun
minutes	minute	noun:plural
minute	minute	verb:simple_present+transitive
minutes	minute	verb:simple_present+transitive
minuted	minute	verb:simple_past+transitive
minuted	minute	verb:past_participle+transitive
minuting	minute	verb:present_participle+transitive
minute	minute	adjective
merchandise	merchandise	noun
merchandise	merchandise	verb:simple_present+
merchandises	merchandise	verb:simple_present+
merchandised	merchandise	verb:simple_past+
merchandised	merchandise	verb:past_participle+
merchandising	merchandise	verb:present_participle+
methionylglutaminylarginyltyrosylglutamylserylleucylphenylalanylal...serine	methionylglutaminylarginyltyrosylglutamylserylleucylphenylalanylal...serine	noun
millennium	millennium	noun
Mexico	Mexico	proper noun
medicine	medicine	noun
millisecond	millisecond	noun
meat	meat	noun
meats	meat	noun:plural
mann	mann	noun
mondegreen	mondegreen	noun
man	man	noun
men	man	noun:plural
man	man	verb:simple_present+transitive
mans	man	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	man	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	man	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	man	verb:present_participle+transitive
monotheism	monotheism	noun
metric	metric	adjective
metric	metric	noun
metrics	metric	noun:plural
motherfucker	motherfucker	noun
morpheme	morpheme	noun
morphemes	morpheme	noun:plural
musician	musician	noun
music	music	noun
music	music	adjective
most	most	adjective
most	most	adverbe
maquiladora	maquiladora	noun
meticulous	meticulous	adjective
Morocco	Morocco	proper noun
Malaysia	Malaysia	proper noun
mandapa	mandapa	noun
mammal	mammal	noun
mammals	mammal	noun:plural
metadata	metadata	noun
morning	morning	noun
Mexican	Mexican	noun
Mexicans	Mexican	noun:plural
Mexican	Mexican	adjective
market	market	noun
markets	market	noun:plural
market	market	verb:simple_present+transitive
markets	market	verb:simple_present+transitive
marketed	market	verb:simple_past+transitive
marketed	market	verb:past_participle+transitive
marketing	market	verb:present_participle+transitive
market	market	adjective
meeting	meeting	noun
meetings	meeting	noun:plural
meeting	meeting	verb:simple_present+
meetings	meeting	verb:simple_present+
meetinged	meeting	verb:simple_past+
meetinged	meeting	verb:past_participle+
meetinging	meeting	verb:present_participle+
macaddict	macaddict	noun
macrovirus	macrovirus	noun
mobile	mobile	adjective
mobile	mobile	noun
mobiles	mobile	noun:plural
Monaco	Monaco	proper noun
Monaco	Monaco	proper noun
Madagascar	Madagascar	proper noun
Mali	Mali	proper noun
Mongolia	Mongolia	proper noun
Mauritania	Mauritania	proper noun
Malta	Malta	proper noun
Malta	Malta	proper noun
Malta	Malta	noun
Mauritius	Mauritius	proper noun
Maldives	Maldives	proper noun
Malawi	Malawi	proper noun
Mozambique	Mozambique	proper noun
mars	mars	proper noun
mars	mars	interjection
mi	mi	noun
mortar	mortar	noun
mortar	mortar	verb:simple_present+
mortars	mortar	verb:simple_present+
???	mortar	verb:simple_past+
???	mortar	verb:past_participle+
???	mortar	verb:present_participle+
mortar	mortar	verb:simple_present+
mortars	mortar	verb:simple_present+
???	mortar	verb:simple_past+
???	mortar	verb:past_participle+
???	mortar	verb:present_participle+
map	map	noun
maps	map	noun:plural
map	map	verb:simple_present+
maps	map	verb:simple_present+
???	map	verb:simple_past+
???	map	verb:past_participle+
???	map	verb:present_participle+
mapping	map	verb:present_participle
Martinique	Martinique	proper noun
money	money	noun
money	money	adjective
Moldova	Moldova	proper noun
Myanmar	Myanmar	proper noun
Mayotte	Mayotte	proper noun
Micronesia	Micronesia	proper noun
Montserrat	Montserrat	proper noun
Macedonia	Macedonia	proper noun
mither	mither	verb:simple_present+intransitive
mithers	mither	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	mither	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	mither	verb:past_participle+intransitive
mithering	mither	verb:present_participle+intransitive
mither	mither	verb:simple_present+transitive
mithers	mither	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	mither	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	mither	verb:past_participle+transitive
mithering	mither	verb:present_participle+transitive
mithering	mither	verb:present_participle
maskin	maskin	noun
minuscule	minuscule	noun
minuscule	minuscule	adjective
mental	mental	adjective
magenta	magenta	noun
magenta	magenta	adjective
mauve	mauve	noun
mauve	mauve	adjective
metaphysics	metaphysics	noun
musical	musical	adjective
musical	musical	noun
musicals	musical	noun:plural
midnight	midnight	noun
mouse	mouse	noun
mice	mouse	noun:plural
mouse	mouse	verb:simple_present+transitive
mouses	mouse	verb:simple_present+transitive
moused	mouse	verb:simple_past+transitive
moused	mouse	verb:past_participle+transitive
mousing	mouse	verb:present_participle+transitive
mouse	mouse	verb:simple_present+intransitive
mouses	mouse	verb:simple_present+intransitive
moused	mouse	verb:simple_past+intransitive
moused	mouse	verb:past_participle+intransitive
mousing	mouse	verb:present_participle+intransitive
mouse	mouse	adjective
morph	morph	verb:simple_present+
morphs	morph	verb:simple_present+
morphed	morph	verb:simple_past+
morphed	morph	verb:past_participle+
morphing	morph	verb:present_participle+
morph	morph	noun
morphs	morph	noun:plural
mind	mind	noun
mind	mind	verb:simple_present+
minds	mind	verb:simple_present+
minded	mind	verb:simple_past+
minded	mind	verb:past_participle+
minding	mind	verb:present_participle+
myriad	myriad	noun
millipede	millipede	noun
millipedes	millipede	noun:plural
masculine	masculine	adjective
mill	mill	noun
mills	mill	noun:plural
mill	mill	noun
mills	mill	noun:plural
mill	mill	verb:simple_present+transitive
mills	mill	verb:simple_present+transitive
milled	mill	verb:simple_past+transitive
milled	mill	verb:past_participle+transitive
milling	mill	verb:present_participle+transitive
mill	mill	verb:simple_present+intransitive
mills	mill	verb:simple_present+intransitive
milled	mill	verb:simple_past+intransitive
milled	mill	verb:past_participle+intransitive
milling	mill	verb:present_participle+intransitive
maneblusser	maneblusser	proper noun
moon	moon	noun
moons	moon	noun:plural
moon	moon	verb:simple_present+transitive
moons	moon	verb:simple_present+transitive
mooned	moon	verb:simple_past+transitive
mooned	moon	verb:past_participle+transitive
mooning	moon	verb:present_participle+transitive
moon	moon	verb:simple_present+intransitive
moons	moon	verb:simple_present+intransitive
mooned	moon	verb:simple_past+intransitive
mooned	moon	verb:past_participle+intransitive
mooning	moon	verb:present_participle+intransitive
mother	mother	noun
mothers	mother	noun:plural
mother	mother	verb:simple_present+transitive
mothers	mother	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	mother	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	mother	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	mother	verb:present_participle+transitive
mother	mother	noun
mothers	mother	noun:plural
mother	mother	noun
mothers	mother	noun:plural
mother-in-law	mother-in-law	noun
malam	malam	noun
men	men	noun
male	male	adjective
male	male	noun
males	male	noun:plural
male	male	proper noun
mortage	mortage	noun
monthly	monthly	adverbe
monthly	monthly	noun
mortgage	mortgage	noun
mortgage	mortgage	verb:simple_present+
mortgages	mortgage	verb:simple_present+
mortgaged	mortgage	verb:simple_past+
mortgaged	mortgage	verb:past_participle+
mortgaging	mortgage	verb:present_participle+
maul	maul	noun
maul	maul	verb:simple_present+
mauls	maul	verb:simple_present+
mauled	maul	verb:simple_past+
mauled	maul	verb:past_participle+
mauling	maul	verb:present_participle+
martyr	martyr	noun
martyrs	martyr	noun:plural
martyr	martyr	verb:simple_present+
martyrs	martyr	verb:simple_present+
martyred	martyr	verb:simple_past+
martyred	martyr	verb:past_participle+
???	martyr	verb:present_participle+
maroon	maroon	noun
maroons	maroon	noun:plural
maroon	maroon	adjective
maroon	maroon	verb:simple_present+
maroons	maroon	verb:simple_present+
marooned	maroon	verb:simple_past+
marooned	maroon	verb:past_participle+
marooning	maroon	verb:present_participle+
maroon	maroon	noun
maroon	maroon	adjective
moose	moose	noun
mosquito	mosquito	noun
mosquitos	mosquito	noun:plural
mosquito	mosquito	proper noun
minister	minister	noun
minister	minister	verb:simple_present+
ministers	minister	verb:simple_present+
???	minister	verb:simple_past+
???	minister	verb:past_participle+
???	minister	verb:present_participle+
mustard	mustard	noun
mustard	mustard	adjective
masquerade	masquerade	noun
masquerade	masquerade	verb:simple_present+intransitive
masquerades	masquerade	verb:simple_present+intransitive
masqueraded	masquerade	verb:simple_past+intransitive
masqueraded	masquerade	verb:past_participle+intransitive
masquerading	masquerade	verb:present_participle+intransitive
masquerade	masquerade	verb:simple_present+transitive
masquerades	masquerade	verb:simple_present+transitive
masqueraded	masquerade	verb:simple_past+transitive
masqueraded	masquerade	verb:past_participle+transitive
masquerading	masquerade	verb:present_participle+transitive
marina	marina	noun
marinara	marinara	adjective
marinara	marinara	noun
mosque	mosque	noun
melancholy	melancholy	noun
melancholy	melancholy	adjective
merger	merger	noun
melburnian	melburnian	noun
melburnian	melburnian	adjective
mulch	mulch	noun
mulches	mulch	noun:plural
mulch	mulch	verb:simple_present+
mulchs	mulch	verb:simple_present+
mulched	mulch	verb:simple_past+
mulched	mulch	verb:past_participle+
mulching	mulch	verb:present_participle+
me	me	accusative pronoun
me	me	personal pronoun
me	me	personal pronoun:singular first person
me	me	noun
mouth	mouth	noun
mutt	mutt	noun
mongrel	mongrel	noun
Manitoba	Manitoba	proper noun
Manipur	Manipur	proper noun
Mizoram	Mizoram	proper noun
Meghalaya	Meghalaya	proper noun
Maharashtra	Maharashtra	proper noun
moro	moro	interjection
matador	matador	noun
Melbourne	Melbourne	proper noun
motorway	motorway	noun
Manaus	Manaus	proper noun
Maori	Maori	adjective
Maori	Maori	noun
Maoris	Maori	noun:plural
malacca	malacca	proper noun
minggu	minggu	noun
musik	musik	noun
Mumbai	Mumbai	proper noun
madras	madras	proper noun
mass	mass	noun
mass	mass	verb:simple_present+intransitive
masss	mass	verb:simple_present+intransitive
massed	mass	verb:simple_past+intransitive
massed	mass	verb:past_participle+intransitive
massing	mass	verb:present_participle+intransitive
mass	mass	noun
masses	mass	noun:plural
mass	mass	verb:simple_present+transitive
masss	mass	verb:simple_present+transitive
massed	mass	verb:simple_past+transitive
massed	mass	verb:past_participle+transitive
massing	mass	verb:present_participle+transitive
macadam	macadam	noun
man-of-war	man-of-war	noun
man-o-war	man-o-war	noun
mama	mama	noun
mamas	mama	noun:plural
maid	maid	noun
maiden	maiden	noun
maiden	maiden	adjective
moslem	moslem	adjective
Muslim	Muslim	proper noun
Muslims	Muslim	proper noun:plural
Muslim	Muslim	adjective
make	make	verb:simple_present+
makes	make	verb:simple_present+
made	make	verb:simple_past+
made	make	verb:past_participle+
making	make	verb:present_participle+
make	make	noun
made	made	verb:simple_present+
mades	made	verb:simple_present+
maded	made	verb:simple_past+
maded	made	verb:past_participle+
mading	made	verb:present_participle+
made	made	verb:simple_present+
mades	made	verb:simple_present+
maded	made	verb:simple_past+
maded	made	verb:past_participle+
mading	made	verb:present_participle+
mean	mean	verb:simple_present+transitive
means	mean	verb:simple_present+transitive
meant	mean	verb:simple_past+transitive
meant	mean	verb:past_participle+transitive
meaning	mean	verb:present_participle+transitive
meaning	mean	verb:present_participle
mean	mean	adjective
mean	mean	adjective
mean	mean	noun
means	mean	noun:plural
meant	meant	verb:simple_present+
meants	meant	verb:simple_present+
meanted	meant	verb:simple_past+
meanted	meant	verb:past_participle+
meanting	meant	verb:present_participle+
meant	meant	verb:simple_present+
meants	meant	verb:simple_present+
meanted	meant	verb:simple_past+
meanted	meant	verb:past_participle+
meanting	meant	verb:present_participle+
meet	meet	verb:simple_present+
meets	meet	verb:simple_present+
met	meet	verb:simple_past+
met	meet	verb:past_participle+
meeting	meet	verb:present_participle+
meeting	meet	verb:present_participle
meet	meet	noun
meet	meet	adjective
met	met	verb:simple_present+
mets	met	verb:simple_present+
???	met	verb:simple_past+
???	met	verb:past_participle+
???	met	verb:present_participle+
met	met	verb:simple_present+
mets	met	verb:simple_present+
???	met	verb:simple_past+
???	met	verb:past_participle+
???	met	verb:present_participle+
mishear	mishear	verb:simple_present+
mishears	mishear	verb:simple_present+
misheard	mishear	verb:simple_past+
misheard	mishear	verb:past_participle+
mishearing	mishear	verb:present_participle+
misheard	misheard	verb:simple_present+
misheards	misheard	verb:simple_present+
mishearded	misheard	verb:simple_past+
mishearded	misheard	verb:past_participle+
mishearding	misheard	verb:present_participle+
misheard	misheard	verb:simple_present+
misheards	misheard	verb:simple_present+
mishearded	misheard	verb:simple_past+
mishearded	misheard	verb:past_participle+
mishearding	misheard	verb:present_participle+
mislay	mislay	verb:simple_present+
mislays	mislay	verb:simple_present+
mislaid	mislay	verb:simple_past+
mislaid	mislay	verb:past_participle+
mislaying	mislay	verb:present_participle+
mislaid	mislaid	verb:simple_present+
mislaids	mislaid	verb:simple_present+
mislaided	mislaid	verb:simple_past+
mislaided	mislaid	verb:past_participle+
mislaiding	mislaid	verb:present_participle+
mislaid	mislaid	verb:simple_present+
mislaids	mislaid	verb:simple_present+
mislaided	mislaid	verb:simple_past+
mislaided	mislaid	verb:past_participle+
mislaiding	mislaid	verb:present_participle+
mislead	mislead	verb:simple_present+
misleads	mislead	verb:simple_present+
misled	mislead	verb:simple_past+
misled	mislead	verb:past_participle+
misleading	mislead	verb:present_participle+
misled	misled	verb:simple_present+
misleds	misled	verb:simple_present+
???	misled	verb:simple_past+
???	misled	verb:past_participle+
???	misled	verb:present_participle+
misled	misled	verb:simple_present+
misleds	misled	verb:simple_present+
???	misled	verb:simple_past+
???	misled	verb:past_participle+
???	misled	verb:present_participle+
misread	misread	verb:simple_present+
misreads	misread	verb:simple_present+
misread	misread	verb:simple_past+
misread	misread	verb:past_participle+
misreading	misread	verb:present_participle+
misread	misread	verb:simple_present+
misreads	misread	verb:simple_present+
misread	misread	verb:simple_past+
misread	misread	verb:past_participle+
misreading	misread	verb:present_participle+
misread	misread	verb:simple_present+
misreads	misread	verb:simple_present+
misread	misread	verb:simple_past+
misread	misread	verb:past_participle+
misreading	misread	verb:present_participle+
misspell	misspell	verb:simple_present+
misspells	misspell	verb:simple_present+
misspelled	misspell	verb:simple_past+
misspelt	misspell	verb:simple_past+
misspelled	misspell	verb:past_participle+
misspelt	misspell	verb:past_participle+
misspelling	misspell	verb:present_participle+
misspelling	misspell	verb:present_participle
misspelled	misspelled	verb:simple_present+
misspelleds	misspelled	verb:simple_present+
???	misspelled	verb:simple_past+
???	misspelled	verb:past_participle+
???	misspelled	verb:present_participle+
misspelled	misspelled	verb:simple_present+
misspelleds	misspelled	verb:simple_present+
???	misspelled	verb:simple_past+
???	misspelled	verb:past_participle+
???	misspelled	verb:present_participle+
misspelt	misspelt	verb:simple_present+
misspelts	misspelt	verb:simple_present+
misspelted	misspelt	verb:simple_past+
misspelted	misspelt	verb:past_participle+
misspelting	misspelt	verb:present_participle+
misspelt	misspelt	verb:simple_present+
misspelts	misspelt	verb:simple_present+
misspelted	misspelt	verb:simple_past+
misspelted	misspelt	verb:past_participle+
misspelting	misspelt	verb:present_participle+
mistake	mistake	verb:simple_present+transitive
mistakes	mistake	verb:simple_present+transitive
mistook	mistake	verb:simple_past+transitive
mistaken	mistake	verb:past_participle+transitive
mistaking	mistake	verb:present_participle+transitive
mistake	mistake	noun
mistook	mistook	verb:simple_present+
mistooks	mistook	verb:simple_present+
mistooked	mistook	verb:simple_past+
mistooked	mistook	verb:past_participle+
mistooking	mistook	verb:present_participle+
mistaken	mistaken	verb:simple_present+
mistakens	mistaken	verb:simple_present+
???	mistaken	verb:simple_past+
???	mistaken	verb:past_participle+
???	mistaken	verb:present_participle+
misunderstand	misunderstand	verb:simple_present+
misunderstands	misunderstand	verb:simple_present+
misunderstood	misunderstand	verb:simple_past+
misunderstood	misunderstand	verb:past_participle+
misunderstanding	misunderstand	verb:present_participle+
misunderstood	misunderstood	verb:simple_present+
misunderstoods	misunderstood	verb:simple_present+
misunderstooded	misunderstood	verb:simple_past+
misunderstooded	misunderstood	verb:past_participle+
misunderstooding	misunderstood	verb:present_participle+
misunderstood	misunderstood	verb:simple_present+
misunderstoods	misunderstood	verb:simple_present+
misunderstooded	misunderstood	verb:simple_past+
misunderstooded	misunderstood	verb:past_participle+
misunderstooding	misunderstood	verb:present_participle+
means	means	noun
means	means	noun:plural
machine	machine	noun
machine	machine	verb:simple_present+
machines	machine	verb:simple_present+
machined	machine	verb:simple_past+
machined	machine	verb:past_participle+
machining	machine	verb:present_participle+
machine	machine	adjective
mal	mal	noun
morozas	morozas	noun
morphology	morphology	noun
mow	mow	verb:simple_present+
mows	mow	verb:simple_present+
mowed	mow	verb:simple_past+
mown	mow	verb:past_participle+
mowed	mow	verb:past_participle+
mowing	mow	verb:present_participle+
mowing	mow	verb:present_participle
mow	mow	noun
myself	myself	noun
metaphor	metaphor	noun
metaphors	metaphor	noun:plural
McJob	McJob	noun
matelot	matelot	noun
mollify	mollify	verb:simple_present+
mollifies	mollify	verb:simple_present+
mollified	mollify	verb:simple_past+
mollified	mollify	verb:past_participle+
mollifying	mollify	verb:present_participle+
mallard	mallard	noun
mallards	mallard	noun:plural
microbe	microbe	noun
magpie	magpie	noun
magpies	magpie	noun:plural
marmot	marmot	noun
marmots	marmot	noun:plural
marten	marten	noun
martens	marten	noun:plural
muskrat	muskrat	noun
mouflon	mouflon	noun
mole	mole	noun
moles	mole	noun:plural
modem	modem	noun
modems	modem	noun:plural
melt	melt	verb:simple_present+
melts	melt	verb:simple_present+
melted	melt	verb:simple_past+
melted	melt	verb:past_participle+
melting	melt	verb:present_participle+
melting	melt	verb:present_participle
melt	melt	noun
metal	metal	noun
metals	metal	noun:plural
metal	metal	adjective
metal	metal	verb:simple_present+
metals	metal	verb:simple_present+
???	metal	verb:simple_past+
???	metal	verb:past_participle+
???	metal	verb:present_participle+
metal	metal	noun
mountain	mountain	noun
mountains	mountain	noun:plural
matter	matter	noun
matters	matter	noun:plural
matter	matter	verb:simple_present+intransitive
matters	matter	verb:simple_present+intransitive
mattered	matter	verb:simple_past+intransitive
mattered	matter	verb:past_participle+intransitive
mattering	matter	verb:present_participle+intransitive
many	many	adjective
many	many	noun
meter	meter	noun
mana	mana	noun
mana	mana	noun
malleable	malleable	adjective
monarchy	monarchy	noun
monarch	monarch	noun
monarchs	monarch	noun:plural
m	m	letter
m	m	noun
m	m	proper noun
mare	mare	noun
mares	mare	noun:plural
mare	mare	noun
mandarin	mandarin	noun
mandarins	mandarin	noun:plural
muffler	muffler	noun
mustache	mustache	noun
manga	manga	noun
manga	manga	noun
miscellaneous	miscellaneous	adjective
Manchu	Manchu	noun
Manchu	Manchu	adjective
mock	mock	noun
mock	mock	verb:simple_present+
mocks	mock	verb:simple_present+
mocked	mock	verb:simple_past+
mocked	mock	verb:past_participle+
mocking	mock	verb:present_participle+
mocking	mock	verb:present_participle
mock	mock	adjective
mayor	mayor	noun
moron	moron	noun
morons	moron	noun:plural
metrosexual	metrosexual	noun
metrosexuals	metrosexual	noun:plural
mildew	mildew	noun
mildew	mildew	verb:simple_present+
mildews	mildew	verb:simple_present+
mildewed	mildew	verb:simple_past+
mildewed	mildew	verb:past_participle+
mildewing	mildew	verb:present_participle+
mildewing	mildew	verb:present_participle
molding	molding	adjective
molding	molding	noun
Milton	Milton	proper noun
menu	menu	noun
mop	mop	noun
mop	mop	verb:simple_present+transitive
mops	mop	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	mop	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	mop	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	mop	verb:present_participle+transitive
mopping	mop	verb:present_participle
mop	mop	noun
mop	mop	noun
mops	mop	noun:plural
moisturize	moisturize	verb:simple_present+
moisturizes	moisturize	verb:simple_present+
moisturized	moisturize	verb:simple_past+
moisturized	moisturize	verb:past_participle+
moisturizing	moisturize	verb:present_participle+
moisture	moisture	noun
mark	mark	noun
marks	mark	noun:plural
mark	mark	verb:simple_present+
marks	mark	verb:simple_present+
marked	mark	verb:simple_past+
marked	mark	verb:past_participle+
marking	mark	verb:present_participle+
marking	mark	verb:present_participle
mark	mark	noun
marks	mark	noun:plural
Mediterranean	Mediterranean	adjective
Mediterranean	Mediterranean	proper noun
mayonnaise	mayonnaise	noun
masculinity	masculinity	noun
mase	mase	verb:simple_present+
mases	mase	verb:simple_present+
mased	mase	verb:simple_past+
mased	mase	verb:past_participle+
masing	mase	verb:present_participle+
maselyn	maselyn	noun
maser	maser	noun
masers	maser	noun:plural
mash	mash	noun
mash	mash	noun
mash	mash	verb:simple_present+transitive
mashs	mash	verb:simple_present+transitive
mashed	mash	verb:simple_past+transitive
mashed	mash	verb:past_participle+transitive
mashing	mash	verb:present_participle+transitive
masher	masher	noun
mashlin	mashlin	noun
mashy	mashy	adjective
mask	mask	noun
mask	mask	verb:simple_present+transitive
masks	mask	verb:simple_present+transitive
masked	mask	verb:simple_past+transitive
masked	mask	verb:past_participle+transitive
masking	mask	verb:present_participle+transitive
mask	mask	verb:simple_present+intransitive
masks	mask	verb:simple_present+intransitive
masked	mask	verb:simple_past+intransitive
masked	mask	verb:past_participle+intransitive
masking	mask	verb:present_participle+intransitive
masked	masked	adjective
masker	masker	noun
masker	masker	verb:simple_present+transitive
maskers	masker	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	masker	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	masker	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	masker	verb:present_participle+transitive
maskery	maskery	noun
maskinonge	maskinonge	noun
maslach	maslach	noun
maslin	maslin	noun
maslin	maslin	adjective
mason	mason	noun
mason	mason	verb:simple_present+transitive
masons	mason	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	mason	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	mason	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	mason	verb:present_participle+transitive
masonic	masonic	adjective
masonry	masonry	noun
masora	masora	noun
masoret	masoret	noun
masoretic	masoretic	adjective
masorite	masorite	noun
masque	masque	noun
masquerader	masquerader	noun
massacre	massacre	noun
massacre	massacre	verb:simple_present+transitive
massacres	massacre	verb:simple_present+transitive
massacred	massacre	verb:simple_past+transitive
massacred	massacre	verb:past_participle+transitive
massacring	massacre	verb:present_participle+transitive
massacrer	massacrer	noun
massage	massage	noun
massage	massage	verb:simple_present+
massages	massage	verb:simple_present+
massaged	massage	verb:simple_past+
massaged	massage	verb:past_participle+
massaging	massage	verb:present_participle+
massasauga	massasauga	noun
masser	masser	noun
masseter	masseter	noun
masseteric	masseteric	adjective
masseterine	masseterine	adjective
massicot	massicot	noun
massiness	massiness	noun
magician	magician	noun
magicians	magician	noun:plural
magnesia	magnesia	noun
masturbation	masturbation	noun
mond	mond	noun
mond	mond	noun
manure	manure	verb:simple_present+
manures	manure	verb:simple_present+
manured	manure	verb:simple_past+
manured	manure	verb:past_participle+
manuring	manure	verb:present_participle+
manure	manure	noun
methane	methane	noun
memory	memory	noun
memories	memory	noun:plural
magic	magic	noun
magic	magic	proper noun
magic	magic	adjective
magic	magic	verb:simple_present+transitive
magics	magic	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	magic	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	magic	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	magic	verb:present_participle+transitive
minutiae	minutiae	noun
mice	mice	noun
multiplication	multiplication	noun
multiplications	multiplication	noun:plural
moth	moth	noun
moths	moth	noun:plural
missense	missense	noun
moo	moo	noun
moos	moo	noun:plural
moo	moo	verb:simple_present+
mooes	moo	verb:simple_present+
mooed	moo	verb:simple_past+
mooed	moo	verb:past_participle+
mooing	moo	verb:present_participle+
moo	moo	interjection
Moscow	Moscow	proper noun
madrid	madrid	proper noun
munt	munt	noun
munten	munt	noun:plural
mint	mint	noun
mint	mint	adjective
mint	mint	verb:simple_present+
mints	mint	verb:simple_present+
minted	mint	verb:simple_past+
minted	mint	verb:past_participle+
minting	mint	verb:present_participle+
melody	melody	noun
melodies	melody	noun:plural
motorcycle	motorcycle	noun
motorcycles	motorcycle	noun:plural
motorcycle	motorcycle	verb:simple_present+
motorcycles	motorcycle	verb:simple_present+
motorcycled	motorcycle	verb:simple_past+
motorcycled	motorcycle	verb:past_participle+
motorcycling	motorcycle	verb:present_participle+
mollusc	mollusc	noun
molluscs	mollusc	noun:plural
Mammalia	Mammalia	proper noun
milk	milk	noun
milk	milk	verb:simple_present+transitive
milks	milk	verb:simple_present+transitive
milked	milk	verb:simple_past+transitive
milked	milk	verb:past_participle+transitive
milking	milk	verb:present_participle+transitive
millimetre	millimetre	noun
mike	mike	noun
mikes	mike	noun:plural
metre	metre	noun
metres	metre	noun:plural
millimeter	millimeter	noun
megametre	megametre	noun
micrometre	micrometre	noun
mile	mile	noun
miles	mile	noun:plural
millilitre	millilitre	noun
magnesium	magnesium	noun
manganese	manganese	noun
molybdenum	molybdenum	noun
mercury	mercury	noun
mendelevium	mendelevium	noun
meitnerium	meitnerium	noun
mollusk	mollusk	noun
mollusks	mollusk	noun:plural
modest	modest	adjective
manmeri	manmeri	noun
markka	markka	noun
markkas	markka	noun:plural
moonrise	moonrise	noun
moonset	moonset	noun
mus	mus	noun
milkshake	milkshake	noun
mysophobe	mysophobe	noun
macrocosm	macrocosm	noun
maltese	maltese	noun
maltese	maltese	adjective
maintenance	maintenance	noun
monopoly	monopoly	noun
manifest	manifest	adjective
manifest	manifest	noun
manifests	manifest	noun:plural
manifest	manifest	verb:simple_present+
manifests	manifest	verb:simple_present+
manifested	manifest	verb:simple_past+
manifested	manifest	verb:past_participle+
manifesting	manifest	verb:present_participle+
mechanics	mechanics	noun
Michael	Michael	proper noun
Muscovite	Muscovite	noun
might	might	verb:simple_present+auxiliary
mights	might	verb:simple_present+auxiliary
mighted	might	verb:simple_past+auxiliary
mighted	might	verb:past_participle+auxiliary
mighting	might	verb:present_participle+auxiliary
might	might	noun
must	must	verb:simple_present+auxiliary
musts	must	verb:simple_present+auxiliary
musted	must	verb:simple_past+auxiliary
musted	must	verb:past_participle+auxiliary
musting	must	verb:present_participle+auxiliary
must	must	noun
mission	mission	noun
missionary	missionary	noun
ministry	ministry	noun
messiah	messiah	noun
minion	minion	noun
monolith	monolith	noun
muse	muse	noun
muse	muse	verb:simple_present+intransitive
muses	muse	verb:simple_present+intransitive
mused	muse	verb:simple_past+intransitive
mused	muse	verb:past_participle+intransitive
musing	muse	verb:present_participle+intransitive
meal	meal	noun
meals	meal	noun:plural
maximum	maximum	noun
maximums	maximum	noun:plural
maximum	maximum	adjective
minimum	minimum	noun
minimums	minimum	noun:plural
mini	mini	noun
minis	mini	noun:plural
mega	mega	adjective
micro	micro	noun
multi-billion	multi-billion	adjective
multicolor	multicolor	adjective
multicolour	multicolour	adjective
mania	mania	noun
marathon	marathon	noun
marathons	marathon	noun:plural
mast	mast	noun
multicultural	multicultural	adjective
mercurial	mercurial	adjective
mercurial	mercurial	noun
michelle	michelle	proper noun
mating	mating	verb:simple_present+
matings	mating	verb:simple_present+
matinged	mating	verb:simple_past+
matinged	mating	verb:past_participle+
matinging	mating	verb:present_participle+
mate	mate	noun
mate	mate	verb:simple_present+
mates	mate	verb:simple_present+
mated	mate	verb:simple_past+
mated	mate	verb:past_participle+
mating	mate	verb:present_participle+
mate	mate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
mates	mate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
mated	mate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
mated	mate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
mating	mate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
mate	mate	verb:simple_present+transitive
mates	mate	verb:simple_present+transitive
mated	mate	verb:simple_past+transitive
mated	mate	verb:past_participle+transitive
mating	mate	verb:present_participle+transitive
movie	movie	noun
mies	mies	noun
mail	mail	noun
mail	mail	verb:simple_present+transitive
mails	mail	verb:simple_present+transitive
mailed	mail	verb:simple_past+transitive
mailed	mail	verb:past_participle+transitive
mailing	mail	verb:present_participle+transitive
mail	mail	adjective
matrix	matrix	noun
matrices	matrix	noun:plural
morose	morose	adjective
morose	morose	adjective
malfeasance	malfeasance	noun
mountie	mountie	noun
madeira	madeira	proper noun
madeira	madeira	noun
majorca	majorca	proper noun
Maine	Maine	proper noun
Manila	Manila	proper noun
mantua	mantua	proper noun
Marseilles	Marseilles	proper noun
Melanesia	Melanesia	proper noun
Milan	Milan	proper noun
Milan	Milan	proper noun
Montevideo	Montevideo	proper noun
Munich	Munich	proper noun
madeleine	madeleine	noun
measurement	measurement	noun
millionth	millionth	adjective
millionth	millionth	noun
Marche	Marche	proper noun
Molise	Molise	proper noun
mauritian	mauritian	noun
mauritian	mauritian	adjective
mauritanian	mauritanian	noun
mauritanian	mauritanian	adjective
malawian	malawian	noun
malawian	malawian	adjective
Mongolian	Mongolian	adjective
Mongolian	Mongolian	noun
Mongolians	Mongolian	noun:plural
Maldivian	Maldivian	noun
Maldivians	Maldivian	noun:plural
Maldivian	Maldivian	adjective
malian	malian	noun
malian	malian	adjective
moroccan	moroccan	noun
moroccan	moroccan	adjective
mozambican	mozambican	noun
mozambican	mozambican	adjective
Malagasy	Malagasy	noun
Malagasy	Malagasy	adjective
macerata	macerata	proper noun
matera	matera	proper noun
messina	messina	proper noun
modena	modena	proper noun
messenian	messenian	noun
magnesian	magnesian	noun
magnesian	magnesian	adjective
Macedonian	Macedonian	noun
messenia	messenia	noun
myanmarese	myanmarese	adjective
myanmarese	myanmarese	noun
martinican	martinican	noun
martinican	martinican	adjective
Micronesian	Micronesian	proper noun
Montserratian	Montserratian	noun
Montserratian	Montserratian	adjective
mahorais	mahorais	noun
mahoran	mahoran	adjective
megalopolitan	megalopolitan	noun
motu	motu	noun
motu	motu	noun
mycologist	mycologist	noun
majesty	majesty	noun
majesties	majesty	noun:plural
mushroom	mushroom	noun
mushrooms	mushroom	noun:plural
mushroom	mushroom	verb:simple_present+intransitive
mushrooms	mushroom	verb:simple_present+intransitive
mushroomed	mushroom	verb:simple_past+intransitive
mushroomed	mushroom	verb:past_participle+intransitive
mushrooming	mushroom	verb:present_participle+intransitive
mechelen	mechelen	proper noun
michurin	michurin	proper noun
Montana	Montana	proper noun
mien	mien	noun
moniker	moniker	noun
monikers	moniker	noun:plural
monastery	monastery	noun
monastic	monastic	adjective
monastic	monastic	noun
marrow	marrow	noun
manual	manual	noun
manuals	manual	noun:plural
manual	manual	adjective
Moses	Moses	proper noun
meniscus	meniscus	noun
monitoring	monitoring	noun
maestoso	maestoso	adverbe
miasma	miasma	noun
miasmas	miasma	noun:plural
miasmas	miasmas	noun
miasmata	miasmata	noun
mule	mule	noun
Mecklenburg-Vorpommern	Mecklenburg-Vorpommern	proper noun
mbweha	mbweha	noun
mongoose	mongoose	noun
mongooses	mongoose	noun:plural
monkey	monkey	noun
monkeys	monkey	noun:plural
monkey	monkey	adjective
miner	miner	noun
minor	minor	adjective
minor	minor	noun
major	major	adjective
major	major	noun
Mykonos	Mykonos	proper noun
Mytilene	Mytilene	proper noun
management	management	noun
melon	melon	noun
melons	melon	noun:plural
melon	melon	adjective
main	main	adjective
main	main	noun
mane	mane	noun
manes	mane	noun:plural
mane	mane	noun
maize	maize	noun
maize	maize	noun
magazine	magazine	noun
magazines	magazine	noun:plural
mug	mug	noun
mugs	mug	noun:plural
mug	mug	verb:simple_present+intransitive
mugs	mug	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	mug	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	mug	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	mug	verb:present_participle+intransitive
mug	mug	verb:simple_present+transitive
mugs	mug	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	mug	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	mug	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	mug	verb:present_participle+transitive
mope	mope	verb:simple_present+
mopes	mope	verb:simple_present+
moped	mope	verb:simple_past+
moped	mope	verb:past_participle+
moping	mope	verb:present_participle+
mange	mange	noun
myxomatosis	myxomatosis	noun
mote	mote	noun
moat	moat	noun
maggot	maggot	noun
maggots	maggot	noun:plural
metanoia	metanoia	noun
manifold	manifold	noun
manifolds	manifold	noun:plural
manifold	manifold	adjective
muggle	muggle	noun
mourn	mourn	verb:simple_present+
mourns	mourn	verb:simple_present+
mourned	mourn	verb:simple_past+
mourned	mourn	verb:past_participle+
mourning	mourn	verb:present_participle+
mourning	mourn	verb:present_participle
more	more	adjective
more	more	adverbe
manatee	manatee	noun
manatees	manatee	noun:plural
Marshallese	Marshallese	proper noun
Marshallese	Marshallese	noun
Marshallese	Marshallese	adjective
mook	mook	noun
millennial	millennial	adjective
meek	meek	adjective
meek	meek	noun
mater	mater	noun
maters	mater	noun:plural
manic	manic	adjective
muck	muck	noun
malayalam	malayalam	noun
Marathi	Marathi	noun
Marathi	Marathi	adjective
Mohawk	Mohawk	proper noun
method	method	noun
methods	method	noun:plural
mango	mango	noun
mangoes	mango	noun:plural
monsoon	monsoon	noun
medium	medium	noun
media	medium	noun:plural
medium	medium	adjective
mensa	mensa	proper noun
mood	mood	noun
marriage	marriage	noun
moment	moment	noun
moments	moment	noun:plural
monotonic	monotonic	adjective
manticore	manticore	noun
manticores	manticore	noun:plural
magyar	magyar	noun
magyar	magyar	adjective
mensch	mensch	noun
mensches	mensch	noun:plural
muzzle	muzzle	noun
muzzle	muzzle	verb:simple_present+
muzzles	muzzle	verb:simple_present+
muzzled	muzzle	verb:simple_past+
muzzled	muzzle	verb:past_participle+
muzzling	muzzle	verb:present_participle+
macadamization	macadamization	noun
macadamizations	macadamization	noun:plural
morna	morna	adjective
mode	mode	noun
modes	mode	noun:plural
motherfucking	motherfucking	adjective
murder	murder	noun
murders	murder	noun:plural
murder	murder	adjective
murder	murder	verb:simple_present+transitive
murders	murder	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	murder	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	murder	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	murder	verb:present_participle+transitive
marine	marine	adjective
marine	marine	noun
marines	marine	noun:plural
membrane	membrane	noun
membranes	membrane	noun:plural
marmalade	marmalade	noun
mincemeat	mincemeat	noun
moccasin	moccasin	noun
moccasin	moccasin	adjective
moor	moor	proper noun
moor	moor	noun
moor	moor	verb:simple_present+
moors	moor	verb:simple_present+
moored	moor	verb:simple_past+
moored	moor	verb:past_participle+
mooring	moor	verb:present_participle+
maniac	maniac	noun
maniacs	maniac	noun:plural
mackerel	mackerel	noun
mongol	mongol	proper noun
mongol	mongol	noun
manu	manu	noun
massif	massif	noun
moustache	moustache	noun
mattress	mattress	noun
manacles	manacles	noun
maneuver	maneuver	noun
maneuvers	maneuver	noun:plural
maneuver	maneuver	verb:simple_present+transitive
maneuvers	maneuver	verb:simple_present+transitive
maneuvered	maneuver	verb:simple_past+transitive
maneuvered	maneuver	verb:past_participle+transitive
maneuvering	maneuver	verb:present_participle+transitive
maneuvering	maneuver	verb:present_participle
manioc	manioc	noun
maniple	maniple	noun
maniples	maniple	noun:plural
maraud	maraud	verb:simple_present+
marauds	maraud	verb:simple_present+
marauded	maraud	verb:simple_past+
marauded	maraud	verb:past_participle+
marauding	maraud	verb:present_participle+
marauding	maraud	verb:present_participle
marauder	marauder	noun
marionette	marionette	noun
marionettes	marionette	noun:plural
marigold	marigold	noun
marigolds	marigold	noun:plural
matinee	matinee	noun
meow	meow	noun
meows	meow	noun:plural
meow	meow	verb:simple_present+intransitive
meows	meow	verb:simple_present+intransitive
meowed	meow	verb:simple_past+intransitive
meowed	meow	verb:past_participle+intransitive
meowing	meow	verb:present_participle+intransitive
meow	meow	interjection
materialistic	materialistic	adjective
materialism	materialism	noun
macrocosmus	macrocosmus	noun
monk	monk	noun
monasticism	monasticism	noun
moogle	moogle	noun
meerkat	meerkat	noun
migratory	migratory	adjective
migrate	migrate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
migrates	migrate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
migrated	migrate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
migrated	migrate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
migrating	migrate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
migrate	migrate	verb:simple_present+transitive
migrates	migrate	verb:simple_present+transitive
migrated	migrate	verb:simple_past+transitive
migrated	migrate	verb:past_participle+transitive
migrating	migrate	verb:present_participle+transitive
migration	migration	noun
minivet	minivet	noun
miraculous	miraculous	adjective
miracle	miracle	noun
miracles	miracle	noun:plural
matrices	matrices	noun
materia	materia	noun
malay	malay	adjective
malay	malay	noun
magnificent	magnificent	adjective
Manx	Manx	proper noun
Manxes	Manx	proper noun:plural
Manx	Manx	adjective
Mohican	Mohican	proper noun
makan	makan	verb:simple_present+
makans	makan	verb:simple_present+
???	makan	verb:simple_past+
???	makan	verb:past_participle+
???	makan	verb:present_participle+
muka	muka	noun
multilingual	multilingual	adjective
muscle	muscle	noun
muscles	muscle	noun:plural
muscle	muscle	verb:simple_present+
muscles	muscle	verb:simple_present+
muscled	muscle	verb:simple_past+
muscled	muscle	verb:past_participle+
muscling	muscle	verb:present_participle+
mussel	mussel	noun
mellifluous	mellifluous	adjective
move	move	verb:simple_present+
moves	move	verb:simple_present+
moved	move	verb:simple_past+
moved	move	verb:past_participle+
moving	move	verb:present_participle+
move	move	noun
moves	move	noun:plural
manage	manage	verb:simple_present+
manages	manage	verb:simple_present+
managed	manage	verb:simple_past+
managed	manage	verb:past_participle+
managing	manage	verb:present_participle+
manager	manager	noun
managers	manager	noun:plural
membership	membership	noun
member	member	noun
members	member	noun:plural
mahal	mahal	verb:simple_present+
mahals	mahal	verb:simple_present+
???	mahal	verb:simple_past+
???	mahal	verb:past_participle+
???	mahal	verb:present_participle+
mahal	mahal	adjective
mahal	mahal	adjective
membunuh	membunuh	verb:simple_present+
membunuhs	membunuh	verb:simple_present+
???	membunuh	verb:simple_past+
???	membunuh	verb:past_participle+
???	membunuh	verb:present_participle+
microwave	microwave	noun
microwave	microwave	verb:simple_present+transitive
microwaves	microwave	verb:simple_present+transitive
microwaved	microwave	verb:simple_past+transitive
microwaved	microwave	verb:past_participle+transitive
microwaving	microwave	verb:present_participle+transitive
microwavable	microwavable	adjective
microwaveable	microwaveable	adjective
meaning	meaning	verb:simple_present+
meanings	meaning	verb:simple_present+
meaninged	meaning	verb:simple_past+
meaninged	meaning	verb:past_participle+
meaninging	meaning	verb:present_participle+
meaning	meaning	noun
meanings	meaning	noun:plural
median	median	noun
medians	median	noun:plural
median	median	adjective
meme	meme	noun
mighty	mighty	adjective
masochism	masochism	noun
megagram	megagram	noun
microgram	microgram	noun
monoid	monoid	noun
myki	myki	noun
moxie	moxie	noun
minim	minim	noun
metasyntactic	metasyntactic	adjective
mucus	mucus	noun
millibar	millibar	noun
millibars	millibar	noun:plural
marcher	marcher	noun
marchers	marcher	noun:plural
megasecond	megasecond	noun
microsecond	microsecond	noun
moist	moist	adjective
middleman	middleman	noun
middle	middle	adjective
middle	middle	noun
manufacturer	manufacturer	noun
manufacturers	manufacturer	noun:plural
mattock	mattock	noun
meef	meef	noun
meefs	meef	noun:plural
meef	meef	verb:simple_present+
meefs	meef	verb:simple_present+
meefed	meef	verb:simple_past+
meefed	meef	verb:past_participle+
meefing	meef	verb:present_participle+
meefing	meef	verb:present_participle
meef	meef	noun
Mesopotamia	Mesopotamia	proper noun
microfortnight	microfortnight	noun
match	match	noun
matches	match	noun:plural
match	match	verb:simple_present+
matchs	match	verb:simple_present+
matched	match	verb:simple_past+
matched	match	verb:past_participle+
matching	match	verb:present_participle+
matching	match	verb:present_participle
maglev	maglev	noun
maglevs	maglev	noun:plural
maglev	maglev	adjective
malt	malt	noun
maybe	maybe	adverbe
maybe	maybe	interjection
marry	marry	verb:simple_present+intransitive
marries	marry	verb:simple_present+intransitive
married	marry	verb:simple_past+intransitive
married	marry	verb:past_participle+intransitive
marrying	marry	verb:present_participle+intransitive
marry	marry	verb:simple_present+transitive
marries	marry	verb:simple_present+transitive
married	marry	verb:simple_past+transitive
married	marry	verb:past_participle+transitive
marrying	marry	verb:present_participle+transitive
marry	marry	interjection
Macau	Macau	proper noun
metla	metla	noun
metlobal	metlobal	noun
mechanical	mechanical	adjective
miesto	miesto	noun
miesto	miesto	preposition
mead	mead	noun
marimba	marimba	noun
mouses	mouses	noun
mesiac	mesiac	proper noun
mesiac	mesiac	noun
morendo	morendo	adverbe
moderato	moderato	adverbe
medallion	medallion	noun
medal	medal	noun
medal	medal	verb:simple_present+
medals	medal	verb:simple_present+
???	medal	verb:simple_past+
???	medal	verb:past_participle+
???	medal	verb:present_participle+
moral	moral	noun
moral	moral	adjective
mozzie	mozzie	noun
mozzies	mozzie	noun:plural
Martha	Martha	proper noun
misdemeanor	misdemeanor	noun
media	media	noun
media	media	noun
mojibake	mojibake	noun
morality	morality	noun
microcontroller	microcontroller	noun
mart	mart	noun
marts	mart	noun:plural
mart	mart	verb:simple_present+transitive
marts	mart	verb:simple_present+transitive
marted	mart	verb:simple_past+transitive
marted	mart	verb:past_participle+transitive
marting	mart	verb:present_participle+transitive
mart	mart	noun
midquel	midquel	noun
mesa	mesa	noun
mesa	mesa	noun
much	much	adjective
much	much	adverbe
mendacious	mendacious	adjective
moneyboy	moneyboy	noun
magus	magus	noun
muezzin	muezzin	noun
muslimize	muslimize	verb:simple_present+transitive
muslimizes	muslimize	verb:simple_present+transitive
muslimized	muslimize	verb:simple_past+transitive
muslimized	muslimize	verb:past_participle+transitive
muslimizing	muslimize	verb:present_participle+transitive
muslimize	muslimize	verb:simple_present+intransitive
muslimizes	muslimize	verb:simple_present+intransitive
muslimized	muslimize	verb:simple_past+intransitive
muslimized	muslimize	verb:past_participle+intransitive
muslimizing	muslimize	verb:present_participle+intransitive
masturbate	masturbate	verb:simple_present+
masturbates	masturbate	verb:simple_present+
masturbated	masturbate	verb:simple_past+
masturbated	masturbate	verb:past_participle+
masturbating	masturbate	verb:present_participle+
madam	madam	noun
madame	madame	noun
Minnesota	Minnesota	proper noun
madder	madder	noun
madder	madder	adjective
manger	manger	noun
mangers	manger	noun:plural
monster	monster	noun
monsters	monster	noun:plural
monster	monster	adjective
martin	martin	proper noun
martin	martin	noun
martins	martin	noun:plural
meli	meli	noun
maroni	maroni	noun
mono	mono	noun
mono	mono	adjective
mimblewimble	mimblewimble	interjection
maisnonmaisquoimaispasdutout	maisnonmaisquoimaispasdutout	interjection
mummy	mummy	noun
mummies	mummy	noun:plural
mummy	mummy	noun
mummies	mummy	noun:plural
manufacture	manufacture	verb:simple_present+transitive
manufactures	manufacture	verb:simple_present+transitive
manufactured	manufacture	verb:simple_past+transitive
manufactured	manufacture	verb:past_participle+transitive
manufacturing	manufacture	verb:present_participle+transitive
microorganism	microorganism	noun
moteur	moteur	noun
motion	motion	noun
motions	motion	noun:plural
metro	metro	noun
metros	metro	noun:plural
moot	moot	noun
moots	moot	noun:plural
moot	moot	verb:simple_present+
moots	moot	verb:simple_present+
mooted	moot	verb:simple_past+
mooted	moot	verb:past_participle+
mooting	moot	verb:present_participle+
moot	moot	adjective
mac	mac	noun
macs	mac	noun:plural
mac	mac	noun
mac	mac	proper noun
macintosh	macintosh	noun
mel	mel	noun
mel	mel	proper noun
machination	machination	noun
managerial	managerial	adjective
memorize	memorize	verb:simple_present+
memorizes	memorize	verb:simple_present+
memorized	memorize	verb:simple_past+
memorized	memorize	verb:past_participle+
memorizing	memorize	verb:present_participle+
morsel	morsel	noun
marinate	marinate	verb:simple_present+
marinates	marinate	verb:simple_present+
marinated	marinate	verb:simple_past+
marinated	marinate	verb:past_participle+
marinating	marinate	verb:present_participle+
mercenary	mercenary	noun
magnate	magnate	noun
mercantile	mercantile	adjective
manoeuvre	manoeuvre	noun
manoeuvres	manoeuvre	noun:plural
manoeuvre	manoeuvre	verb:simple_present+transitive
manoeuvres	manoeuvre	verb:simple_present+transitive
manoeuvred	manoeuvre	verb:simple_past+transitive
manoeuvred	manoeuvre	verb:past_participle+transitive
manoeuvring	manoeuvre	verb:present_participle+transitive
Maleis	Maleis	noun
mona	mona	noun
monitor	monitor	noun
monitors	monitor	noun:plural
monitor	monitor	verb:simple_present+transitive
monitors	monitor	verb:simple_present+transitive
monitored	monitor	verb:simple_past+transitive
monitored	monitor	verb:past_participle+transitive
monitoring	monitor	verb:present_participle+transitive
monitoring	monitor	verb:present_participle
mar	mar	verb:simple_present+transitive
mars	mar	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	mar	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	mar	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	mar	verb:present_participle+transitive
marring	mar	verb:present_participle
macrophage	macrophage	noun
macrophages	macrophage	noun:plural
molinology	molinology	noun
mace	mace	noun
maces	mace	noun:plural
mace	mace	proper noun
maternal	maternal	adjective
mililiter	mililiter	noun
mad	mad	adjective
mad	mad	adverbe
mad	mad	noun
maestro	maestro	noun
maestros	maestro	noun:plural
mute	mute	adjective
mute	mute	noun
mutes	mute	noun:plural
mute	mute	verb:simple_present+transitive
mutes	mute	verb:simple_present+transitive
muted	mute	verb:simple_past+transitive
muted	mute	verb:past_participle+transitive
muting	mute	verb:present_participle+transitive
ma	ma	noun
mohel	mohel	noun
mohel	mohel	proper noun
mag	mag	noun
mags	mag	noun:plural
maker	maker	noun
makers	maker	noun:plural
mary	mary	proper noun
mary	mary	noun
marys	mary	noun:plural
motorcar	motorcar	noun
merry-go-round	merry-go-round	noun
merry-go-rounds	merry-go-round	noun:plural
mechanic	mechanic	noun
murderess	murderess	noun
murderesses	murderess	noun:plural
murderer	murderer	noun
murderers	murderer	noun:plural
morgue	morgue	noun
matica	matica	noun
mytacism	mytacism	noun
mathematics	mathematics	noun
matematik	matematik	noun
maths	maths	noun
math	math	noun
maths	math	noun:plural
mates	mates	noun
mates	mates	adjective
mirror	mirror	noun
mirrors	mirror	noun:plural
mirror	mirror	verb:simple_present+transitive
mirrors	mirror	verb:simple_present+transitive
mirrored	mirror	verb:simple_past+transitive
mirrored	mirror	verb:past_participle+transitive
mirroring	mirror	verb:present_participle+transitive
mirroring	mirror	verb:present_participle
merchant	merchant	noun
merchants	merchant	noun:plural
mudrc	mudrc	noun
Mozarabic	Mozarabic	proper noun
mozarab	mozarab	noun
mucha	mucha	noun
metaverse	metaverse	noun
mat	mat	noun
mat	mat	verb:simple_present+
mats	mat	verb:simple_present+
???	mat	verb:simple_past+
???	mat	verb:past_participle+
???	mat	verb:present_participle+
mier	mier	noun
Michal	Michal	proper noun
mzda	mzda	noun
mnemonics	mnemonics	noun
matematika	matematika	noun
matematika	matematika	noun
mnemonic	mnemonic	adjective
mnemonic	mnemonic	noun
mathematician	mathematician	noun
mathematicians	mathematician	noun:plural
misspelling	misspelling	noun
misspellings	misspelling	noun:plural
medieval	medieval	adjective
Marxism	Marxism	noun
mikrobus	mikrobus	noun
marsupial	marsupial	noun
marsupials	marsupial	noun:plural
marsupial	marsupial	adjective
marsupial	marsupial	noun
marsupials	marsupial	noun:plural
mink	mink	noun
minks	mink	noun:plural
mucker	mucker	noun
muckers	mucker	noun:plural
math.	math.	noun
messenger	messenger	noun
modern	modern	adjective
malodorous	malodorous	adjective
manyogana	manyogana	noun
moi	moi	interjection
mwg	mwg	noun
medusa	medusa	proper noun
medusa	medusa	noun
mysterious	mysterious	adjective
mundane	mundane	adjective
milieu	milieu	noun
misanthrope	misanthrope	noun
murky	murky	adjective
Miriam	Miriam	proper noun
madre	madre	noun
millionaire	millionaire	noun
mitigate	mitigate	verb:simple_present+
mitigates	mitigate	verb:simple_present+
mitigated	mitigate	verb:simple_past+
mitigated	mitigate	verb:past_participle+
mitigating	mitigate	verb:present_participle+
malignant	malignant	adjective
millet	millet	noun
mild	mild	adjective
mulberry	mulberry	noun
mulberries	mulberry	noun:plural
mulberry	mulberry	adjective
malediction	malediction	noun
mortal	mortal	adjective
mortality	mortality	noun
monobrow	monobrow	noun
mascara	mascara	noun
mascaras	mascara	noun:plural
meteor	meteor	noun
mett	mett	noun
mitta	mitta	noun
measure	measure	noun
measures	measure	noun:plural
measure	measure	verb:simple_present+
measures	measure	verb:simple_present+
measured	measure	verb:simple_past+
measured	measure	verb:past_participle+
measuring	measure	verb:present_participle+
Mormon	Mormon	noun
Mormons	Mormon	noun:plural
Mormon	Mormon	adjective
mong	mong	noun
makeshift	makeshift	noun
makeshift	makeshift	adjective
Moksha	Moksha	noun
material	material	adjective
material	material	noun
martellato	martellato	adverbe
mordant	mordant	adjective
mordant	mordant	noun
mordants	mordant	noun:plural
mordant	mordant	verb:simple_present+transitive
mordants	mordant	verb:simple_present+transitive
mordanted	mordant	verb:simple_past+transitive
mordanted	mordant	verb:past_participle+transitive
mordanting	mordant	verb:present_participle+transitive
mordanting	mordant	verb:present_participle
morion	morion	noun
morions	morion	noun:plural
medical	medical	adjective
medical	medical	noun
medicals	medical	noun:plural
merkin	merkin	noun
mancala	mancala	noun
masala	masala	noun
matra	matra	noun
Maler	Maler	proper noun
meidan	meidan	noun
maidan	maidan	noun
military	military	adjective
military	military	noun
manefaire	manefaire	noun
mist	mist	noun
mist	mist	verb:simple_present+
mists	mist	verb:simple_present+
misted	mist	verb:simple_past+
misted	mist	verb:past_participle+
misting	mist	verb:present_participle+
misting	mist	verb:present_participle
misericorde	misericorde	noun
misericordes	misericorde	noun:plural
morris	morris	noun
mallet	mallet	noun
mallets	mallet	noun:plural
mawle	mawle	noun
mawles	mawle	noun:plural
malle	malle	noun
malles	malle	noun:plural
maritime	maritime	adjective
mixed	mixed	verb:simple_present+
mixeds	mixed	verb:simple_present+
???	mixed	verb:simple_past+
???	mixed	verb:past_participle+
???	mixed	verb:present_participle+
mixed	mixed	adjective
mix	mix	verb:simple_present+transitive
mixs	mix	verb:simple_present+transitive
mixed	mix	verb:simple_past+transitive
mixed	mix	verb:past_participle+transitive
mixing	mix	verb:present_participle+transitive
mixing	mix	verb:present_participle
mix	mix	noun
mixes	mix	noun:plural
manse	manse	noun
mortmain	mortmain	noun
martyrdom	martyrdom	noun
mirage	mirage	noun
mirages	mirage	noun:plural
metonymy	metonymy	noun
metonymies	metonymy	noun:plural
manja	manja	noun
milpirri	milpirri	noun
model	model	noun
models	model	noun:plural
model	model	adjective
model	model	verb:simple_present+
models	model	verb:simple_present+
modeled	model	verb:simple_past+
modeled	model	verb:past_participle+
modeling	model	verb:present_participle+
modelling	model	verb:present_participle
modeling	model	verb:present_participle
muchness	muchness	noun
must-have	must-have	adjective
mushing	mushing	verbal noun
musquet	musquet	noun
musquets	musquet	noun:plural
magnet	magnet	noun
magnetic	magnetic	adjective
magnetism	magnetism	noun
midget	midget	noun
midgets	midget	noun:plural
midget	midget	adjective
mantra	mantra	noun
mimophant	mimophant	noun
muthay	muthay	noun
marayin	marayin	noun
milambaraay	milambaraay	noun
meditation	meditation	noun
meditate	meditate	verb:simple_present+
meditates	meditate	verb:simple_present+
meditated	meditate	verb:simple_past+
meditated	meditate	verb:past_participle+
meditating	meditate	verb:present_participle+
mbu	mbu	noun
malaria	malaria	noun
marketing	marketing	noun
majority	majority	noun
majorities	majority	noun:plural
minority	minority	noun
minorities	minority	noun:plural
mamba	mamba	noun
machicolate	machicolate	verb:simple_present+
machicolates	machicolate	verb:simple_present+
machicolated	machicolate	verb:simple_past+
machicolated	machicolate	verb:past_participle+
machicolating	machicolate	verb:present_participle+
mazer	mazer	noun
mazers	mazer	noun:plural
Moomintroll	Moomintroll	proper noun
Moominmamma	Moominmamma	proper noun
Moominpappa	Moominpappa	proper noun
magpatuloy	magpatuloy	verb:simple_present+
magpatuloys	magpatuloy	verb:simple_present+
magpatuloyed	magpatuloy	verb:simple_past+
magpatuloyed	magpatuloy	verb:past_participle+
magpatuloying	magpatuloy	verb:present_participle+
mabuhay	mabuhay	verb:simple_present+
mabuhays	mabuhay	verb:simple_present+
mabuhayed	mabuhay	verb:simple_past+
mabuhayed	mabuhay	verb:past_participle+
mabuhaying	mabuhay	verb:present_participle+
manirahan	manirahan	verb:simple_present+
manirahans	manirahan	verb:simple_present+
???	manirahan	verb:simple_past+
???	manirahan	verb:past_participle+
???	manirahan	verb:present_participle+
mangailangan	mangailangan	verb:simple_present+
mangailangans	mangailangan	verb:simple_present+
???	mangailangan	verb:simple_past+
???	mangailangan	verb:past_participle+
???	mangailangan	verb:present_participle+
magsabi	magsabi	verb:simple_present+
magsabis	magsabi	verb:simple_present+
magsabied	magsabi	verb:simple_past+
magsabied	magsabi	verb:past_participle+
magsabiing	magsabi	verb:present_participle+
maintidihan	maintidihan	verb:simple_present+
maintidihans	maintidihan	verb:simple_present+
???	maintidihan	verb:simple_past+
???	maintidihan	verb:past_participle+
???	maintidihan	verb:present_participle+
magustohan	magustohan	verb:simple_present+
magustohans	magustohan	verb:simple_present+
???	magustohan	verb:simple_past+
???	magustohan	verb:past_participle+
???	magustohan	verb:present_participle+
master	master	noun
masters	master	noun:plural
master	master	adjective
master	master	verb:simple_present+
masters	master	verb:simple_present+
???	master	verb:simple_past+
???	master	verb:past_participle+
???	master	verb:present_participle+
marijuana	marijuana	noun
maharastra	maharastra	proper noun
meryenda	meryenda	noun
myopic	myopic	adjective
Mikey	Mikey	proper noun
Mikeys	Mikey	proper noun:plural
minotaur	minotaur	noun
minotaurs	minotaur	noun:plural
Middle-earth	Middle-earth	proper noun
Morpheus	Morpheus	proper noun
mustachioed	mustachioed	adjective
Maggie	Maggie	proper noun
melee	melee	noun
mommy	mommy	noun
mommies	mommy	noun:plural
mors	mors	interjection
murmurous	murmurous	adjective
marsh	marsh	noun
macer	macer	noun
macers	macers	noun
macho	macho	noun
macho	macho	adjective
machos	machos	noun
magma	magma	noun
malted	malted	adjective
mambo	mambo	noun
marc	marc	noun
marc	marc	proper noun
marcel	marcel	noun
marlin	marlin	noun
marque	marque	noun
marrer	marrer	noun
maw	maw	noun
mazier	mazier	adjective
measle	measle	noun
meated	meated	adjective
mediad	mediad	adjective
medial	medial	adjective
medico	medico	noun
medics	medics	noun
medlar	medlar	noun
meed	meed	noun
megohm	megohm	noun
mere	mere	noun
mere	mere	adjective
merle	merle	noun
meson	meson	noun
mete	mete	verb:simple_present+
metes	mete	verb:simple_present+
meted	mete	verb:simple_past+
meted	mete	verb:past_participle+
meting	mete	verb:present_participle+
methyl	methyl	noun
mew	mew	noun
mews	mews	noun
mica	mica	noun
micron	micron	noun
mig	mig	noun
milt	milt	noun
milter	milter	noun
minter	minter	noun
mir	mir	noun
mire	mire	noun
mirier	mirier	adjective
mitral	mitral	adjective
mitre	mitre	noun
mobcap	mobcap	noun
mod	mod	noun
mods	mod	noun:plural
mod	mod	verb:simple_present+
mods	mod	verb:simple_present+
???	mod	verb:simple_past+
???	mod	verb:past_participle+
???	mod	verb:present_participle+
moire	moire	noun
molal	molal	noun
moline	moline	noun
moll	moll	noun
molter	molter	noun
monad	monad	noun
mooter	mooter	noun
morel	morel	noun
mort	mort	noun
motet	motet	noun
motif	motif	noun
mottle	mottle	verb:simple_present+
mottles	mottle	verb:simple_present+
mottled	mottle	verb:simple_past+
mottled	mottle	verb:past_participle+
mottling	mottle	verb:present_participle+
mouser	mouser	noun
mucosa	mucosa	noun
mucosas	mucosa	noun:plural
mudded	mudded	adjective
muff	muff	noun
mulct	mulct	noun
mulct	mulct	verb:simple_present+
mulcts	mulct	verb:simple_present+
mulcted	mulct	verb:simple_past+
mulcted	mulct	verb:past_participle+
mulcting	mulct	verb:present_participle+
mull	mull	verb:simple_present+
mulls	mull	verb:simple_present+
mulled	mull	verb:simple_past+
mulled	mull	verb:past_participle+
mulling	mull	verb:present_participle+
mull	mull	noun
mullah	mullah	noun
mullen	mullen	noun
muon	muon	noun
musher	musher	noun
myopia	myopia	noun
myosin	myosin	noun
mazy	mazy	adjective
misogynist	misogynist	noun
moider	moider	verb:simple_present+
moiders	moider	verb:simple_present+
???	moider	verb:simple_past+
???	moider	verb:past_participle+
???	moider	verb:present_participle+
moider	moider	verb:simple_present+
moiders	moider	verb:simple_present+
???	moider	verb:simple_past+
???	moider	verb:past_participle+
???	moider	verb:present_participle+
moil	moil	verb:simple_present+
moils	moil	verb:simple_present+
moiled	moil	verb:simple_past+
moiled	moil	verb:past_participle+
moiling	moil	verb:present_participle+
muddle	muddle	verb:simple_present+transitive
muddles	muddle	verb:simple_present+transitive
muddled	muddle	verb:simple_past+transitive
muddled	muddle	verb:past_participle+transitive
muddling	muddle	verb:present_participle+transitive
muddle	muddle	noun
manhood	manhood	noun
madmen	madmen	noun
madman	madman	noun
madness	madness	noun
maintain	maintain	verb:simple_present+
maintains	maintain	verb:simple_present+
maintained	maintain	verb:simple_past+
maintained	maintain	verb:past_participle+
maintaining	maintain	verb:present_participle+
maintaining	maintain	verb:present_participle
makeless	makeless	adjective
matchless	matchless	adjective
maladies	maladies	noun
malady	malady	noun
madwoman	madwoman	noun
madwomen	madwomen	noun
mall	mall	noun
mall	mall	adjective
mameluke	mameluke	noun
mammy	mammy	noun
mangonel	mangonel	noun
manner	manner	noun
marge	marge	noun
marges	marge	noun:plural
marge	marge	noun
marge	marge	proper noun
martinet	martinet	noun
marvel	marvel	noun
marvel	marvel	verb:simple_present+intransitive
marvels	marvel	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	marvel	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	marvel	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	marvel	verb:present_participle+intransitive
marvel	marvel	verb:simple_present+transitive
marvels	marvel	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	marvel	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	marvel	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	marvel	verb:present_participle+transitive
meander	meander	noun
meander	meander	verb:simple_present+
meanders	meander	verb:simple_present+
meandered	meander	verb:simple_past+
meandered	meander	verb:past_participle+
???	meander	verb:present_participle+
maze	maze	noun
meiosis	meiosis	noun
mellow	mellow	adjective
melodrama	melodrama	noun
melodramatic	melodramatic	adjective
mend	mend	verb:simple_present+
mends	mend	verb:simple_present+
mended	mend	verb:simple_past+
mended	mend	verb:past_participle+
mending	mend	verb:present_participle+
mention	mention	noun
mentions	mention	noun:plural
merganser	merganser	noun
mesh	mesh	noun
mess	mess	noun
mess	mess	noun
metabolic	metabolic	adjective
metabolism	metabolism	noun
mid-	mid-	noun
mid-	mid-	adjective
midweek	midweek	noun
midweek	midweek	adjective
midweek	midweek	adverbe
mignonette	mignonette	noun
mignonette	mignonette	adjective
migrant	migrant	noun
migrant	migrant	adjective
mime	mime	noun
mime	mime	verb:simple_present+
mimes	mime	verb:simple_present+
mimed	mime	verb:simple_past+
mimed	mime	verb:past_participle+
miming	mime	verb:present_participle+
mindful	mindful	adjective
minuet	minuet	noun
mirth	mirth	noun
miserly	miserly	adjective
misery	misery	noun
mismatch	mismatch	verb:simple_present+
mismatchs	mismatch	verb:simple_present+
mismatched	mismatch	verb:simple_past+
mismatched	mismatch	verb:past_participle+
mismatching	mismatch	verb:present_participle+
mismatch	mismatch	noun
misshapen	misshapen	adjective
mite	mite	noun
molly	molly	noun
moquette	moquette	noun
moralize	moralize	verb:simple_present+
moralizes	moralize	verb:simple_present+
moralized	moralize	verb:simple_past+
moralized	moralize	verb:past_participle+
moralizing	moralize	verb:present_participle+
morass	morass	noun
moreover	moreover	adverbe
mortgagee	mortgagee	noun
mother-of-pearl	mother-of-pearl	noun
motive	motive	noun
motive	motive	verb:simple_present+
motives	motive	verb:simple_present+
motived	motive	verb:simple_past+
motived	motive	verb:past_participle+
motiving	motive	verb:present_participle+
motive	motive	adjective
mound	mound	noun
multifarious	multifarious	adjective
munificent	munificent	adjective
muster	muster	noun
musters	muster	noun:plural
mutter	mutter	noun
mutter	mutter	verb:simple_present+
mutters	mutter	verb:simple_present+
???	mutter	verb:simple_past+
???	mutter	verb:past_participle+
???	mutter	verb:present_participle+
myrmidon	myrmidon	noun
myth	myth	noun
moderate	moderate	adjective
moderate	moderate	noun
moderate	moderate	verb:simple_present+transitive
moderates	moderate	verb:simple_present+transitive
moderated	moderate	verb:simple_past+transitive
moderated	moderate	verb:past_participle+transitive
moderating	moderate	verb:present_participle+transitive
modesty	modesty	noun
marble	marble	noun
marjoram	marjoram	noun
marl	marl	noun
marl	marl	verb:simple_present+
marls	marl	verb:simple_present+
marled	marl	verb:simple_past+
marled	marl	verb:past_participle+
marling	marl	verb:present_participle+
manet	manet	verb:simple_present+
manets	manet	verb:simple_present+
???	manet	verb:simple_past+
???	manet	verb:past_participle+
???	manet	verb:present_participle+
mansion	mansion	noun
merit	merit	noun
merits	merit	noun:plural
merits	merits	noun
metrical	metrical	adjective
milkman	milkman	noun
mid-finger	mid-finger	noun
midsfinger	midsfinger	noun
message	message	noun
messages	message	noun:plural
message	message	verb:simple_present+
messages	message	verb:simple_present+
messaged	message	verb:simple_past+
messaged	message	verb:past_participle+
messaging	message	verb:present_participle+
mohur	mohur	noun
muggy	muggy	adjective
mucky	mucky	adjective
malicious	malicious	adjective
motel	motel	noun
motels	motel	noun:plural
motel	motel	noun
mandor	mandor	adjective
Murray	Murray	proper noun
Mid-Missouri	Mid-Missouri	proper noun
magnetogram	magnetogram	noun
mantilla	mantilla	noun
mediation	mediation	noun
microcline	microcline	noun
meatspace	meatspace	noun
myxoid	myxoid	adjective
mandate	mandate	noun
mischievous	mischievous	adjective
mastodon	mastodon	noun
misunderestimate	misunderestimate	verb:simple_present+
misunderestimates	misunderestimate	verb:simple_present+
misunderestimated	misunderestimate	verb:simple_past+
misunderestimated	misunderestimate	verb:past_participle+
misunderestimating	misunderestimate	verb:present_participle+
makable	makable	adjective
maki	maki	noun
making-iron	making-iron	noun
mammock	mammock	noun
mammock	mammock	verb:simple_present+transitive
mammocks	mammock	verb:simple_present+transitive
mammocked	mammock	verb:simple_past+transitive
mammocked	mammock	verb:past_participle+transitive
mammocking	mammock	verb:present_participle+transitive
majuscule	majuscule	noun
majuscules	majuscule	noun:plural
mineral	mineral	noun
minerals	mineral	noun:plural
metamorphic	metamorphic	noun
metamorphic	metamorphic	adjective
mythical	mythical	adjective
morganite	morganite	noun
millinery	millinery	noun
Marshall	Marshall	proper noun
mezzo-soprano	mezzo-soprano	noun
mezzo-sopranos	mezzo-soprano	noun:plural
mezzo-soprano	mezzo-soprano	adjective
maelstrom	maelstrom	noun
miniskirt	miniskirt	noun
miniature	miniature	adjective
miniature	miniature	noun
minicomputer	minicomputer	noun
mammoth	mammoth	noun
mammoths	mammoth	noun:plural
mammoth	mammoth	adjective
mobisode	mobisode	noun
mobisodes	mobisode	noun:plural
measurand	measurand	noun
megalomaniac	megalomaniac	noun
megalomania	megalomania	noun
megalomaniacal	megalomaniacal	adjective
mancunian	mancunian	adjective
mardy	mardy	adjective
Muslims	Muslims	proper noun
moval	moval	noun
movals	moval	noun:plural
macabre	macabre	adjective
matriarch	matriarch	noun
matriarchs	matriarch	noun:plural
mem	mem	noun
Merseybeat	Merseybeat	proper noun
mid-October	mid-October	noun
mid-October	mid-October	adjective
mid-October	mid-October	adverbe
mid-December	mid-December	noun
mid-December	mid-December	adjective
mid-December	mid-December	adverbe
mid-September	mid-September	noun
mid-September	mid-September	adjective
mid-September	mid-September	adverbe
mid-January	mid-January	noun
mid-January	mid-January	adjective
mid-January	mid-January	adverbe
mid-February	mid-February	noun
mid-February	mid-February	adjective
mid-February	mid-February	adverbe
mid-March	mid-March	noun
mid-March	mid-March	adjective
mid-March	mid-March	adverbe
mid-April	mid-April	noun
mid-April	mid-April	adjective
mid-April	mid-April	adverbe
mid-May	mid-May	noun
mid-May	mid-May	adjective
mid-May	mid-May	adverbe
mid-June	mid-June	noun
mid-June	mid-June	adjective
mid-June	mid-June	adverbe
mid-July	mid-July	noun
mid-July	mid-July	adjective
mid-July	mid-July	adverbe
mid-August	mid-August	noun
mid-August	mid-August	adjective
mid-August	mid-August	adverbe
midsummer	midsummer	noun
midsummer	midsummer	adjective
midsummer	midsummer	adverbe
midwinter	midwinter	noun
midwinter	midwinter	adjective
midwinter	midwinter	adverbe
mid-autumn	mid-autumn	noun
mid-autumn	mid-autumn	adjective
mid-autumn	mid-autumn	adverbe
mid-spring	mid-spring	noun
mid-spring	mid-spring	adjective
mid-spring	mid-spring	adverbe
mid-fall	mid-fall	noun
mid-fall	mid-fall	adjective
mid-fall	mid-fall	adverbe
Mesija	Mesija	noun
Mohammedan	Mohammedan	proper noun
moonshine	moonshine	noun
matthew	matthew	proper noun
mourning	mourning	noun
mourning	mourning	verb:simple_present+
mournings	mourning	verb:simple_present+
mourninged	mourning	verb:simple_past+
mourninged	mourning	verb:past_participle+
mourninging	mourning	verb:present_participle+
mindblindness	mindblindness	noun
millihertz	millihertz	noun
Mejico	Mejico	proper noun
McCune-Reischauer	McCune-Reischauer	noun
malacology	malacology	noun
megahertz	megahertz	noun
Mecca	Mecca	proper noun
Mecca	Mecca	noun
Meccas	Mecca	noun:plural
mince	mince	verb:simple_present+transitive
minces	mince	verb:simple_present+transitive
minced	mince	verb:simple_past+transitive
minced	mince	verb:past_participle+transitive
mincing	mince	verb:present_participle+transitive
mince	mince	verb:simple_present+intransitive
minces	mince	verb:simple_present+intransitive
minced	mince	verb:simple_past+intransitive
minced	mince	verb:past_participle+intransitive
mincing	mince	verb:present_participle+intransitive
mince	mince	noun
minces	mince	noun:plural
moving	moving	verbal noun
moving	moving	adjective
mishmash	mishmash	noun
melange	melange	noun
melanges	melange	noun:plural
mingle-mangle	mingle-mangle	noun
magi	magi	noun
mage	mage	noun
mores	mores	noun
metacarpal	metacarpal	adjective
metacarpal	metacarpal	noun
metacarpals	metacarpal	noun:plural
marshy	marshy	adjective
Mattathias	Mattathias	proper noun
moonbat	moonbat	noun
meltdown	meltdown	noun
mulatto	mulatto	noun
Meg	Meg	proper noun
marital	marital	adjective
monogamy	monogamy	noun
monotonous	monotonous	adjective
microgravity	microgravity	adjective
microgravity	microgravity	noun
mudflow	mudflow	noun
mud	mud	noun
morbidity	morbidity	noun
misnomer	misnomer	noun
misnomers	misnomer	noun:plural
metadrama	metadrama	noun
malili	malili	verb:simple_present+
malilis	malili	verb:simple_present+
malilied	malili	verb:simple_past+
malilied	malili	verb:past_participle+
maliliing	malili	verb:present_participle+
minti	minti	verb:simple_present+
mintis	minti	verb:simple_present+
mintied	minti	verb:simple_past+
mintied	minti	verb:past_participle+
mintiing	minti	verb:present_participle+
mulli	mulli	verb:simple_present+
mullis	mulli	verb:simple_present+
mullied	mulli	verb:simple_past+
mullied	mulli	verb:past_participle+
mulliing	mulli	verb:present_participle+
memba	memba	verb:simple_present+
membas	memba	verb:simple_present+
membad	memba	verb:simple_past+
membad	memba	verb:past_participle+
membing	memba	verb:present_participle+
mronymy	mronymy	noun
module	module	noun
modules	module	noun:plural
Marit	Marit	proper noun
mammary	mammary	adjective
mammary	mammary	noun
mammaries	mammary	noun:plural
mullet	mullet	noun
mullets	mullet	noun:plural
marvellous	marvellous	adjective
mahalo	mahalo	interjection
mahalo	mahalo	interjection
Martian	Martian	noun
Martians	Martian	noun:plural
Martian	Martian	adjective
motherly	motherly	adjective
metaller	metaller	noun
metallers	metaller	noun:plural
monism	monism	noun
matrilineal	matrilineal	adjective
moai	moai	noun
metamorphosis	metamorphosis	noun
multitude	multitude	noun
metrology	metrology	noun
muro	muro	noun
midday	midday	noun
muu	muu	interjection
morotrohpium	morotrohpium	noun
malaya	malaya	adjective
meld	meld	verb:simple_present+
melds	meld	verb:simple_present+
melded	meld	verb:simple_past+
melded	meld	verb:past_participle+
melding	meld	verb:present_participle+
melding	meld	verb:present_participle
missive	missive	noun
mount	mount	noun
mount	mount	verb:simple_present+
mounts	mount	verb:simple_present+
mounted	mount	verb:simple_past+
mounted	mount	verb:past_participle+
mounting	mount	verb:present_participle+
mounting	mount	verb:present_participle
mount	mount	noun
mitten	mitten	noun
mittens	mitten	noun:plural
magnitude	magnitude	noun
masterpiece	masterpiece	noun
magnanimous	magnanimous	adjective
maven	maven	noun
Metroid	Metroid	proper noun
meddle	meddle	verb:simple_present+intransitive
meddles	meddle	verb:simple_present+intransitive
meddled	meddle	verb:simple_past+intransitive
meddled	meddle	verb:past_participle+intransitive
meddling	meddle	verb:present_participle+intransitive
mistrust	mistrust	noun
mistrust	mistrust	verb:simple_present+
mistrusts	mistrust	verb:simple_present+
mistrusted	mistrust	verb:simple_past+
mistrusted	mistrust	verb:past_participle+
mistrusting	mistrust	verb:present_participle+
mistrusting	mistrust	verb:present_participle
meadow	meadow	noun
mush	mush	noun
mush	mush	verb:simple_present+
mushs	mush	verb:simple_present+
mushed	mush	verb:simple_past+
mushed	mush	verb:past_participle+
mushing	mush	verb:present_participle+
mushing	mush	verb:present_participle
mush	mush	noun
mush	mush	noun
mush	mush	noun
mush	mush	interjection
mush	mush	noun
mushes	mush	noun:plural
mush	mush	verb:simple_present+intransitive
mushs	mush	verb:simple_present+intransitive
mushed	mush	verb:simple_past+intransitive
mushed	mush	verb:past_participle+intransitive
mushing	mush	verb:present_participle+intransitive
mush	mush	noun
megrim	megrim	noun
megrims	megrim	noun:plural
motor	motor	noun
motor	motor	adjective
motor	motor	verb:simple_present+
motors	motor	verb:simple_present+
???	motor	verb:simple_past+
???	motor	verb:past_participle+
???	motor	verb:present_participle+
meh	meh	interjection
movement	movement	noun
martes	martes	noun
Miyerkules	Miyerkules	proper noun
marso	marso	noun
mayo	mayo	noun
mayo	mayo	noun
monatomic	monatomic	adjective
molecule	molecule	noun
megatsunami	megatsunami	noun
mauja	mauja	noun
malapropism	malapropism	noun
miser	miser	noun
moss	moss	noun
moss	moss	verb:simple_present+
mosss	moss	verb:simple_present+
mossed	moss	verb:simple_past+
mossed	moss	verb:past_participle+
mossing	moss	verb:present_participle+
mossing	moss	verb:present_participle
misanthropist	misanthropist	noun
misanthropic	misanthropic	adjective
misanthropy	misanthropy	adjective
mediocre	mediocre	adjective
mitigation	mitigation	noun
magnum	magnum	noun
magnums	magnum	noun:plural
mythology	mythology	noun
mythologies	mythology	noun:plural
mixture	mixture	noun
masculism	masculism	noun
mostly	mostly	adverbe
mainly	mainly	adverbe
mott	mott	noun
modification	modification	noun
mousetrap	mousetrap	noun
meaco	meaco	proper noun
multicellular	multicellular	adjective
minutes	minutes	noun
metallurgy	metallurgy	noun
mollydooker	mollydooker	noun
Meryl	Meryl	proper noun
mediaeval	mediaeval	adjective
mutual	mutual	adjective
mutual	mutual	noun
mil.	mil.	noun
mil.s	mil.	noun:plural
mil.	mil.	noun
mil.s	mil.	noun:plural
mil.	mil.	verb:simple_present+transitive
mil.s	mil.	verb:simple_present+transitive
mil.ed	mil.	verb:simple_past+transitive
mil.ed	mil.	verb:past_participle+transitive
mil.ing	mil.	verb:present_participle+transitive
mil.	mil.	verb:simple_present+intransitive
mil.s	mil.	verb:simple_present+intransitive
mil.ed	mil.	verb:simple_past+intransitive
mil.ed	mil.	verb:past_participle+intransitive
mil.ing	mil.	verb:present_participle+intransitive
mil	mil	noun
Mawrth	Mawrth	proper noun
Medi	Medi	proper noun
Mehefin	Mehefin	proper noun
munud	munud	noun
mynydd	mynydd	noun
monkeyshine	monkeyshine	noun
monkeyshines	monkeyshine	noun:plural
miss	miss	verb:simple_present+transitive
misss	miss	verb:simple_present+transitive
missed	miss	verb:simple_past+transitive
missed	miss	verb:past_participle+transitive
missing	miss	verb:present_participle+transitive
missing	miss	verb:present_participle
miss	miss	noun
misses	miss	noun:plural
misoneism	misoneism	noun
misology	misology	noun
mistress	mistress	noun
mumps	mumps	noun
misfit	misfit	verb:simple_present+
misfits	misfit	verb:simple_present+
???	misfit	verb:simple_past+
???	misfit	verb:past_participle+
???	misfit	verb:present_participle+
misfitting	misfit	verb:present_participle
misfit	misfit	noun
misfits	misfit	noun:plural
misologist	misologist	noun
misologists	misologist	noun:plural
misoneist	misoneist	noun
misoneists	misoneist	noun:plural
mister	mister	noun
mysticism	mysticism	noun
misinform	misinform	verb:simple_present+transitive
misinforms	misinform	verb:simple_present+transitive
misinformed	misinform	verb:simple_past+transitive
misinformed	misinform	verb:past_participle+transitive
misinforming	misinform	verb:present_participle+transitive
misinforming	misinform	verb:present_participle
mystery	mystery	noun
mysteries	mystery	noun:plural
maximize	maximize	verb:simple_present+
maximizes	maximize	verb:simple_present+
maximized	maximize	verb:simple_past+
maximized	maximize	verb:past_participle+
maximizing	maximize	verb:present_participle+
misspeak	misspeak	verb:simple_present+transitive
misspeaks	misspeak	verb:simple_present+transitive
misspeaked	misspeak	verb:simple_past+transitive
misspeaked	misspeak	verb:past_participle+transitive
misspeaking	misspeak	verb:present_participle+transitive
misspeaking	misspeak	verb:present_participle
misrule	misrule	noun
misrule	misrule	noun
misrule	misrule	verb:simple_present+
misrules	misrule	verb:simple_present+
misruled	misrule	verb:simple_past+
misruled	misrule	verb:past_participle+
misruling	misrule	verb:present_participle+
modulus	modulus	noun
Massachusetts	Massachusetts	proper noun
Maryland	Maryland	proper noun
Michigan	Michigan	proper noun
Missouri	Missouri	proper noun
Mississippi	Mississippi	proper noun
misjoinder	misjoinder	noun
miscreant	miscreant	adjective
miscreant	miscreant	noun
miscreants	miscreant	noun:plural
mobilian	mobilian	proper noun
Maricopa	Maricopa	proper noun
moronic	moronic	adjective
meronymy	meronymy	noun
momentum	momentum	noun
Middlesex	Middlesex	proper noun
malnutrition	malnutrition	noun
Maximilian	Maximilian	proper noun
Maximillian	Maximillian	proper noun
mum	mum	noun
mum	mum	adjective
makes	makes	verb:simple_present+
makess	makes	verb:simple_present+
???	makes	verb:simple_past+
???	makes	verb:past_participle+
???	makes	verb:present_participle+
makes	makes	noun
making	making	verb:simple_present+
makings	making	verb:simple_present+
makinged	making	verb:simple_past+
makinged	making	verb:past_participle+
makinging	making	verb:present_participle+
mangle	mangle	verb:simple_present+transitive
mangles	mangle	verb:simple_present+transitive
mangled	mangle	verb:simple_past+transitive
mangled	mangle	verb:past_participle+transitive
mangling	mangle	verb:present_participle+transitive
mangle	mangle	noun
Merseyside	Merseyside	proper noun
mitt	mitt	noun
mitts	mitt	noun:plural
measly	measly	adjective
makeup	makeup	noun
moonglade	moonglade	noun
maga	maga	adjective
mar.	mar.	proper noun
mar.	mar.	interjection
megapixel	megapixel	noun
megapixels	megapixel	noun:plural
megapixel	megapixel	adjective
miles	miles	noun
miles	miles	proper noun
munchies	munchies	noun
molten	molten	adjective
molecular	molecular	adjective
Manchester	Manchester	proper noun
Manchester	Manchester	noun
Macaulay	Macaulay	proper noun
mutant	mutant	noun
mutant	mutant	adjective
mmm	mmm	interjection
mercedes	mercedes	proper noun
mercedes-Benz	mercedes-Benz	proper noun
Megan	Megan	proper noun
magnetite	magnetite	noun
mulai	mulai	preposition
muahahaha	muahahaha	noun
mwyn	mwyn	noun
mwyn	mwyn	adjective
Metis	Metis	proper noun
meridian	meridian	noun
meridian	meridian	adjective
mutate	mutate	verb:simple_present+
mutates	mutate	verb:simple_present+
mutated	mutate	verb:simple_past+
mutated	mutate	verb:past_participle+
mutating	mutate	verb:present_participle+
macrophilia	macrophilia	noun
masnachdy	masnachdy	noun
maverick	maverick	noun
maverick	maverick	adjective
megabase	megabase	noun
megabases	megabase	noun:plural
monopediamania	monopediamania	noun
monopediamaniac	monopediamaniac	noun
museum	museum	noun
museums	museum	noun:plural
metropolitan	metropolitan	adjective
metropolitan	metropolitan	noun
morphine	morphine	noun
mutualism	mutualism	noun
mailman	mailman	noun
mazurka	mazurka	noun
minyan	minyan	noun
macron	macron	noun
margarita	margarita	proper noun
margarita	margarita	noun
masticate	masticate	verb:simple_present+
masticates	masticate	verb:simple_present+
masticated	masticate	verb:simple_past+
masticated	masticate	verb:past_participle+
masticating	masticate	verb:present_participle+
megalith	megalith	noun
melanoma	melanoma	noun
Melanie	Melanie	proper noun
melisma	melisma	noun
mentor	mentor	noun
mentor	mentor	proper noun
mentor	mentor	verb:simple_present+
mentors	mentor	verb:simple_present+
???	mentor	verb:simple_past+
???	mentor	verb:past_participle+
???	mentor	verb:present_participle+
mia	mia	noun
mimesis	mimesis	noun
monody	monody	noun
mulligatawny	mulligatawny	noun
musk	musk	noun
mandala	mandala	noun
monotone	monotone	noun
monotone	monotone	adjective
mantissa	mantissa	noun
mugger	mugger	noun
maraca	maraca	noun
molasses	molasses	noun
macaw	macaw	noun
moped	moped	verb:simple_present+
mopeds	moped	verb:simple_present+
???	moped	verb:simple_past+
???	moped	verb:past_participle+
???	moped	verb:present_participle+
moped	moped	noun
mopeds	moped	noun:plural
multiplayer	multiplayer	adjective
manikin	manikin	noun
mannequin	mannequin	noun
measles	measles	noun
mariner	mariner	noun
misplace	misplace	verb:simple_present+
misplaces	misplace	verb:simple_present+
misplaced	misplace	verb:simple_past+
misplaced	misplace	verb:past_participle+
misplacing	misplace	verb:present_participle+
mitzva	mitzva	noun
minus	minus	preposition
minus	minus	adjective
minus	minus	noun
minuses	minus	noun:plural
monomer	monomer	noun
menagerie	menagerie	noun
minge	minge	noun
McGuffin	McGuffin	noun
matricide	matricide	noun
migraine	migraine	noun
migraines	migraine	noun:plural
monosaccharide	monosaccharide	noun
multilateral	multilateral	adjective
mermaid	mermaid	noun
murvillo	murvillo	noun
monocyte	monocyte	noun
monocytes	monocyte	noun:plural
mitochondrion	mitochondrion	noun
misanga	misanga	noun
misanga	misanga	proper noun
morphological	morphological	adjective
modifier	modifier	noun
multiply	multiply	verb:simple_present+
multiplies	multiply	verb:simple_present+
multiplied	multiply	verb:simple_past+
multiplied	multiply	verb:past_participle+
multiplying	multiply	verb:present_participle+
multiply	multiply	adverbe
meritorious	meritorious	adjective
margin	margin	noun
margins	margin	noun:plural
mockingbird	mockingbird	noun
mimic	mimic	verb:simple_present+
mimics	mimic	verb:simple_present+
???	mimic	verb:simple_past+
???	mimic	verb:past_participle+
???	mimic	verb:present_participle+
molest	molest	verb:simple_present+
molests	molest	verb:simple_present+
molested	molest	verb:simple_past+
molested	molest	verb:past_participle+
molesting	molest	verb:present_participle+
molesting	molest	verb:present_participle
mature	mature	adjective
mature	mature	verb:simple_present+
matures	mature	verb:simple_present+
matured	mature	verb:simple_past+
matured	mature	verb:past_participle+
maturing	mature	verb:present_participle+
maturity	maturity	noun
merge	merge	verb:simple_present+
merges	merge	verb:simple_present+
merged	merge	verb:simple_past+
merged	merge	verb:past_participle+
merging	merge	verb:present_participle+
Mabel	Mabel	proper noun
majolica	majolica	noun
missile	missile	noun
minstrel	minstrel	noun
mufti	mufti	noun
moisten	moisten	verb:simple_present+transitive
moistens	moisten	verb:simple_present+transitive
moistened	moisten	verb:simple_past+transitive
moistened	moisten	verb:past_participle+transitive
moistening	moisten	verb:present_participle+transitive
moistening	moisten	verb:present_participle
mathematical	mathematical	adjective
marduk	marduk	proper noun
morrow	morrow	noun
monocyclic	monocyclic	adjective
multiple	multiple	adjective
multiple	multiple	noun
multiples	multiple	noun:plural
merry	merry	adjective
misdeal	misdeal	verb:simple_present+
misdeals	misdeal	verb:simple_present+
misdealed	misdeal	verb:simple_past+
misdealed	misdeal	verb:past_participle+
misdealing	misdeal	verb:present_participle+
misdealing	misdeal	verb:present_participle
misdeal	misdeal	noun
misdeals	misdeal	noun:plural
mor	mor	adjective
mordent	mordent	noun
monogram	monogram	noun
monogram	monogram	verb:simple_present+transitive
monograms	monogram	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	monogram	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	monogram	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	monogram	verb:present_participle+transitive
municipality	municipality	noun
municipalities	municipality	noun:plural
melting	melting	noun
mulan	mulan	proper noun
medication	medication	noun
meu	meu	noun
mufasa	mufasa	proper noun
mains	mains	noun
minder	minder	noun
minaret	minaret	noun
mystique	mystique	noun
mina	mina	noun
malfunction	malfunction	noun
malfunction	malfunction	verb:simple_present+
malfunctions	malfunction	verb:simple_present+
malfunctioned	malfunction	verb:simple_past+
malfunctioned	malfunction	verb:past_participle+
malfunctioning	malfunction	verb:present_participle+
machines	machines	noun
megadeus	megadeus	noun
myxo	myxo	noun
manslaughter	manslaughter	noun
misleading	misleading	adjective
mankind	mankind	noun
manifestation	manifestation	noun
mournful	mournful	adjective
mourner	mourner	noun
manualiter	manualiter	adjective
monger	monger	noun
monger	monger	verb:simple_present+transitive
mongers	monger	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	monger	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	monger	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	monger	verb:present_participle+transitive
meliorist	meliorist	noun
meliorists	meliorist	noun:plural
meliorist	meliorist	adjective
materiel	materiel	noun
minger	minger	noun
mesial	mesial	adjective
mutton	mutton	noun
mutton	mutton	adjective
mediumwave	mediumwave	adjective
mercaptan	mercaptan	noun
mycelium	mycelium	noun
morganatic	morganatic	adjective
motionless	motionless	adjective
monochromatic	monochromatic	adjective
metallic	metallic	adjective
mining	mining	noun
mining	mining	verb:simple_present+
minings	mining	verb:simple_present+
mininged	mining	verb:simple_past+
mininged	mining	verb:past_participle+
mininging	mining	verb:present_participle+
misogyny	misogyny	noun
misogynism	misogynism	noun
misandry	misandry	noun
misandrist	misandrist	noun
misandrism	misandrism	noun
muchel	muchel	adjective
muchel	muchel	adverbe
marked	marked	verb:simple_present+
markeds	marked	verb:simple_present+
???	marked	verb:simple_past+
???	marked	verb:past_participle+
???	marked	verb:present_participle+
Mbabaram	Mbabaram	noun
miltiades	miltiades	noun
mauser	mauser	proper noun
millirem	millirem	noun
matey	matey	adjective
matey	matey	noun
Magnoliopsida	Magnoliopsida	proper noun
Magnoliophyta	Magnoliophyta	proper noun
missus	missus	noun
missus	missus	noun
missuses	missus	noun:plural
Mingo	Mingo	noun
multithreaded	multithreaded	adjective
murse	murse	noun
menial	menial	adjective
menial	menial	noun
menials	menial	noun:plural
melcryptovestimentaphiliac	melcryptovestimentaphiliac	noun
melcryptovestimentaphilia	melcryptovestimentaphilia	noun
Marie	Marie	proper noun
macaroni	macaroni	noun
macaronis	macaroni	noun:plural
macaroni	macaroni	noun
macaronies	macaroni	noun:plural
multiplex	multiplex	verb:simple_present+
multiplexs	multiplex	verb:simple_present+
multiplexed	multiplex	verb:simple_past+
multiplexed	multiplex	verb:past_participle+
???	multiplex	verb:present_participle+
multiplex	multiplex	adjective
multiplex	multiplex	noun
multiplexer	multiplexer	noun
multiplexor	multiplexor	noun
Marvin	Marvin	proper noun
mendacity	mendacity	noun
Monotremata	Monotremata	proper noun
minx	minx	noun
minnow	minnow	noun
munch	munch	verb:simple_present+transitive
munchs	munch	verb:simple_present+transitive
munched	munch	verb:simple_past+transitive
munched	munch	verb:past_participle+transitive
munching	munch	verb:present_participle+transitive
munching	munch	verb:present_participle
munch	munch	noun
munches	munch	noun:plural
metrosexuality	metrosexuality	noun
minatory	minatory	noun
Mario	Mario	proper noun
militaria	militaria	noun
missing	missing	verb:simple_present+
missings	missing	verb:simple_present+
missinged	missing	verb:simple_past+
missinged	missing	verb:past_participle+
missinging	missing	verb:present_participle+
methinks	methinks	verb:simple_present+
methinkss	methinks	verb:simple_present+
methinksed	methinks	verb:simple_past+
methinksed	methinks	verb:past_participle+
methinksing	methinks	verb:present_participle+
massive	massive	adjective
muffle	muffle	verb:simple_present+transitive
muffles	muffle	verb:simple_present+transitive
muffled	muffle	verb:simple_past+transitive
muffled	muffle	verb:past_participle+transitive
muffling	muffle	verb:present_participle+transitive
muffle	muffle	noun
measuring	measuring	verb:simple_present+
measurings	measuring	verb:simple_present+
measuringed	measuring	verb:simple_past+
measuringed	measuring	verb:past_participle+
measuringing	measuring	verb:present_participle+
milis	milis	adjective
milse	milse	adjective
matro	matro	noun
melancholic	melancholic	adjective
mechanism	mechanism	noun
manuo	manuo	noun
mikra	mikra	adjective
montrar	montrar	verb:simple_present+
montrars	montrar	verb:simple_present+
???	montrar	verb:simple_past+
???	montrar	verb:past_participle+
???	montrar	verb:present_participle+
multa	multa	adjective
mob	mob	noun
messy	messy	adjective
mythological	mythological	adjective
mento	mento	noun
minuto	minuto	noun
mashino	mashino	noun
menarche	menarche	noun
menstruate	menstruate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
menstruates	menstruate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
menstruated	menstruate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
menstruated	menstruate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
menstruating	menstruate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
menstruation	menstruation	noun
manhattan	manhattan	noun
maidenhead	maidenhead	noun
maskula	maskula	adjective
malodor	malodor	noun
maltase	maltase	noun
multiverse	multiverse	noun
monera	monera	proper noun
mettle	mettle	noun
menopause	menopause	noun
milito	milito	noun
misbehave	misbehave	verb:simple_present+intransitive
misbehaves	misbehave	verb:simple_present+intransitive
misbehaved	misbehave	verb:simple_past+intransitive
misbehaved	misbehave	verb:past_participle+intransitive
misbehaving	misbehave	verb:present_participle+intransitive
mainframe	mainframe	noun
Mervyn	Mervyn	proper noun
macropine	macropine	adjective
microtine	microtine	adjective
matrimony	matrimony	noun
maltose	maltose	noun
macro	macro	adjective
macro	macro	noun
manji	manji	proper noun
memorial	memorial	noun
memorials	memorial	noun:plural
memorial	memorial	adjective
mainstream	mainstream	adjective
miscegenation	miscegenation	noun
mosh	mosh	verb:simple_present+
moshs	mosh	verb:simple_present+
moshed	mosh	verb:simple_past+
moshed	mosh	verb:past_participle+
moshing	mosh	verb:present_participle+
mononucleosis	mononucleosis	noun
mofo	mofo	noun
municipal	municipal	adjective
mentono	mentono	noun
malevolent	malevolent	adjective
mesmerize	mesmerize	verb:simple_present+
mesmerizes	mesmerize	verb:simple_present+
mesmerized	mesmerize	verb:simple_past+
mesmerized	mesmerize	verb:past_participle+
mesmerizing	mesmerize	verb:present_participle+
mesmerism	mesmerism	noun
manhandle	manhandle	verb:simple_present+transitive
manhandles	manhandle	verb:simple_present+transitive
manhandled	manhandle	verb:simple_past+transitive
manhandled	manhandle	verb:past_participle+transitive
manhandling	manhandle	verb:present_participle+transitive
majestic	majestic	adjective
Marsha	Marsha	proper noun
mirthful	mirthful	adjective
malaise	malaise	noun
mudslide	mudslide	noun
mudslides	mudslide	noun:plural
manifesto	manifesto	noun
manifestos	manifesto	noun:plural
manifesto	manifesto	verb:simple_present+intransitive
manifestoes	manifesto	verb:simple_present+intransitive
manifestoed	manifesto	verb:simple_past+intransitive
manifestoed	manifesto	verb:past_participle+intransitive
manifestoing	manifesto	verb:present_participle+intransitive
Meelar	Meelar	proper noun
manoominike-giizis	manoominike-giizis	noun
manidoo-giizisoons	manidoo-giizisoons	noun
maligned	maligned	adjective
maligned	maligned	verb:simple_present+
maligneds	maligned	verb:simple_present+
???	maligned	verb:simple_past+
???	maligned	verb:past_participle+
???	maligned	verb:present_participle+
Miami	Miami	proper noun
monako	monako	noun
maajii-	maajii-	verb:simple_present+
maajii-s	maajii-	verb:simple_present+
maajii-ed	maajii-	verb:simple_past+
maajii-ed	maajii-	verb:past_participle+
maajii-ing	maajii-	verb:present_participle+
Marxist	Marxist	noun
Marxist	Marxist	adjective
manidoo	manidoo	noun
migizi	migizi	noun
makoons	makoons	noun
makwa	makwa	noun
Microsoft	Microsoft	proper noun
Microsoft	Microsoft	verb:simple_present+
Microsofts	Microsoft	verb:simple_present+
Microsofted	Microsoft	verb:simple_past+
Microsofted	Microsoft	verb:past_participle+
Microsofting	Microsoft	verb:present_participle+
magical	magical	adjective
MicroSoft	MicroSoft	proper noun
mugwort	mugwort	noun
maudlin	maudlin	adjective
male-to-female	male-to-female	adjective
meconophagist	meconophagist	noun
mafficking	mafficking	noun
mashkawaagwanewadin	mashkawaagwanewadin	verb:simple_present+
mashkawaagwanewadins	mashkawaagwanewadin	verb:simple_present+
???	mashkawaagwanewadin	verb:simple_past+
???	mashkawaagwanewadin	verb:past_participle+
???	mashkawaagwanewadin	verb:present_participle+
maang	maang	noun
matutinal	matutinal	adjective
mutiny	mutiny	noun
methodology	methodology	noun
marquess	marquess	noun
mescaline	mescaline	noun
Microsoftify	Microsoftify	verb:simple_present+transitive
Microsoftifies	Microsoftify	verb:simple_present+transitive
Microsoftified	Microsoftify	verb:simple_past+transitive
Microsoftified	Microsoftify	verb:past_participle+transitive
Microsoftifying	Microsoftify	verb:present_participle+transitive
morwenyng	morwenyng	noun
maldito	maldito	interjection
mural	mural	noun
muliebrity	muliebrity	noun
minimal	minimal	adjective
methylchloroisothiazolinone	methylchloroisothiazolinone	noun
maffick	maffick	verb:simple_present+intransitive
mafficks	maffick	verb:simple_present+intransitive
mafficked	maffick	verb:simple_past+intransitive
mafficked	maffick	verb:past_participle+intransitive
mafficking	maffick	verb:present_participle+intransitive
matchlock	matchlock	noun
manufactured	manufactured	adjective
myriametre	myriametre	noun
myriametres	myriametre	noun:plural
myrialitre	myrialitre	noun
myrialitres	myrialitre	noun:plural
moona	moona	noun
mareschal	mareschal	noun
marshal	marshal	noun
marshal	marshal	verb:simple_present+
marshals	marshal	verb:simple_present+
???	marshal	verb:simple_past+
???	marshal	verb:past_participle+
???	marshal	verb:present_participle+
myriagram	myriagram	noun
myriagrams	myriagram	noun:plural
mothball	mothball	noun
mothball	mothball	verb:simple_present+transitive
mothballs	mothball	verb:simple_present+transitive
mothballed	mothball	verb:simple_past+transitive
mothballed	mothball	verb:past_participle+transitive
mothballing	mothball	verb:present_participle+transitive
mux	mux	noun
mux	mux	verb:simple_present+transitive
muxs	mux	verb:simple_present+transitive
muxed	mux	verb:simple_past+transitive
muxed	mux	verb:past_participle+transitive
muxing	mux	verb:present_participle+transitive
muxing	mux	verb:present_participle
mockup	mockup	noun
memorandum	memorandum	noun
memoranda	memorandum	noun:plural
meng	meng	adjective
marginal	marginal	adjective
manned	manned	adjective
moldy	moldy	adjective
mould	mould	noun
mould	mould	verb:simple_present+
moulds	mould	verb:simple_present+
moulded	mould	verb:simple_past+
moulded	mould	verb:past_participle+
moulding	mould	verb:present_participle+
mould	mould	verb:simple_present+transitive
moulds	mould	verb:simple_present+transitive
moulded	mould	verb:simple_past+transitive
moulded	mould	verb:past_participle+transitive
moulding	mould	verb:present_participle+transitive
moulding	mould	verb:present_participle
mould	mould	verb:simple_present+intransitive
moulds	mould	verb:simple_present+intransitive
moulded	mould	verb:simple_past+intransitive
moulded	mould	verb:past_participle+intransitive
moulding	mould	verb:present_participle+intransitive
mould	mould	noun
mould	mould	noun
monocle	monocle	noun
maxim	maxim	noun
mandible	mandible	noun
mandibles	mandible	noun:plural
mandibula	mandibula	noun
Malaysian	Malaysian	adjective
Malaysian	Malaysian	proper noun
Malaysians	Malaysian	proper noun:plural
mom	mom	noun
mansaf	mansaf	noun
maple	maple	noun
maple	maple	adjective
monokini	monokini	noun
monokinis	monokini	noun:plural
mysophilia	mysophilia	noun
mysophile	mysophile	noun
manor	manor	noun
Margaret	Margaret	proper noun
mandatory	mandatory	adjective
momentary	momentary	adjective
momentarily	momentarily	adverbe
moult	moult	noun
moult	moult	verb:simple_present+
moults	moult	verb:simple_present+
moulted	moult	verb:simple_past+
moulted	moult	verb:past_participle+
moulting	moult	verb:present_participle+
morning-after	morning-after	adjective
multiparous	multiparous	adjective
macromolecule	macromolecule	noun
malcontent	malcontent	noun
misstep	misstep	noun
misstep	misstep	verb:simple_present+intransitive
missteps	misstep	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	misstep	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	misstep	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	misstep	verb:present_participle+intransitive
mispronunciation	mispronunciation	noun
mispronunciations	mispronunciation	noun:plural
mispronounce	mispronounce	verb:simple_present+transitive
mispronounces	mispronounce	verb:simple_present+transitive
mispronounced	mispronounce	verb:simple_past+transitive
mispronounced	mispronounce	verb:past_participle+transitive
mispronouncing	mispronounce	verb:present_participle+transitive
maleate	maleate	noun
monoterpene	monoterpene	noun
medley	medley	noun
maricaana	maricaana	noun
Misha	Misha	proper noun
Mikhail	Mikhail	proper noun
marshmallow	marshmallow	noun
maidservant	maidservant	noun
maidservants	maidservant	noun:plural
mildly	mildly	adverbe
moratorium	moratorium	noun
moratoriums	moratorium	noun:plural
mentally	mentally	adverbe
mushy	mushy	adjective
machismo	machismo	noun
malinois	malinois	noun
mastitis	mastitis	noun
motto	motto	noun
mottos	motto	noun:plural
messene	messene	proper noun
mischief	mischief	noun
monosyllabic	monosyllabic	adjective
monosyllable	monosyllable	noun
Manichaean	Manichaean	noun
Manichaean	Manichaean	adjective
Manichaeism	Manichaeism	noun
malign	malign	verb:simple_present+transitive
maligns	malign	verb:simple_present+transitive
maligned	malign	verb:simple_past+transitive
maligned	malign	verb:past_participle+transitive
maligning	malign	verb:present_participle+transitive
malign	malign	adjective
myna	myna	noun
microbiology	microbiology	noun
multipack	multipack	noun
morgan	morgan	proper noun
morgan	morgan	noun
mitochondrial	mitochondrial	adjective
mung	mung	noun
mish	mish	noun
mumble	mumble	verb:simple_present+
mumbles	mumble	verb:simple_present+
mumbled	mumble	verb:simple_past+
mumbled	mumble	verb:past_participle+
mumbling	mumble	verb:present_participle+
mumble	mumble	noun
mythologist	mythologist	noun
midwife	midwife	noun
midwife	midwife	verb:simple_present+transitive
midwifes	midwife	verb:simple_present+transitive
midwifed	midwife	verb:simple_past+transitive
midwifed	midwife	verb:past_participle+transitive
midwifing	midwife	verb:present_participle+transitive
Maloideae	Maloideae	proper noun
maintainer	maintainer	noun
macroeconomics	macroeconomics	noun
mystical	mystical	adjective
Marianne	Marianne	proper noun
malinger	malinger	verb:simple_present+intransitive
malingers	malinger	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	malinger	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	malinger	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	malinger	verb:present_participle+intransitive
microcosm	microcosm	noun
misuse	misuse	noun
misuse	misuse	verb:simple_present+transitive
misuses	misuse	verb:simple_present+transitive
misused	misuse	verb:simple_past+transitive
misused	misuse	verb:past_participle+transitive
misusing	misuse	verb:present_participle+transitive
mounted	mounted	verb:simple_present+
mounteds	mounted	verb:simple_present+
???	mounted	verb:simple_past+
???	mounted	verb:past_participle+
???	mounted	verb:present_participle+
mounted	mounted	adjective
modulate	modulate	verb:simple_present+
modulates	modulate	verb:simple_present+
modulated	modulate	verb:simple_past+
modulated	modulate	verb:past_participle+
modulating	modulate	verb:present_participle+
mawkish	mawkish	adjective
mountebank	mountebank	noun
mountebank	mountebank	verb:simple_present+intransitive
mountebanks	mountebank	verb:simple_present+intransitive
mountebanked	mountebank	verb:simple_past+intransitive
mountebanked	mountebank	verb:past_participle+intransitive
mountebanking	mountebank	verb:present_participle+intransitive
modicum	modicum	noun
moiety	moiety	noun
moieties	moiety	noun:plural
monomania	monomania	noun
miaou	miaou	interjection
Mach	Mach	proper noun
Mach	Mach	noun
mishap	mishap	noun
mentions	mentions	verb:simple_present+
mentionss	mentions	verb:simple_present+
mentionsed	mentions	verb:simple_past+
mentionsed	mentions	verb:past_participle+
mentionsing	mentions	verb:present_participle+
Mesozoic	Mesozoic	adjective
Mesozoic	Mesozoic	noun
Mesoproterozoic	Mesoproterozoic	adjective
Mesoproterozoic	Mesoproterozoic	noun
Mesoarchean	Mesoarchean	adjective
Mesoarchean	Mesoarchean	noun
mortise	mortise	noun
mounting	mounting	verbal noun
mounting	mounting	adjective
Miocene	Miocene	adjective
Miocene	Miocene	noun
Mississippian	Mississippian	adjective
Mississippian	Mississippian	noun
medicinal	medicinal	adjective
methacrylate	methacrylate	noun
meze	meze	noun
mezes	meze	noun:plural
maru	maru	noun
muriate	muriate	adjective
myristate	myristate	noun
mansard	mansard	adjective
mansard	mansard	noun
monoxide	monoxide	noun
mugging	mugging	verbal noun
muggings	mugging	verbal noun:plural
metacognition	metacognition	noun
mongoloid	mongoloid	adjective
medicide	medicide	noun
murmur	murmur	verb:simple_present+intransitive
murmurs	murmur	verb:simple_present+intransitive
murmured	murmur	verb:simple_past+intransitive
murmured	murmur	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	murmur	verb:present_participle+intransitive
murmur	murmur	noun
mirthless	mirthless	adjective
monica	monica	proper noun
multimedia	multimedia	adjective
morta	morta	proper noun
Melpomene	Melpomene	proper noun
menoetius	menoetius	proper noun
Moirae	Moirae	proper noun
moira	moira	proper noun
Minerva	Minerva	proper noun
microscope	microscope	noun
megabyte	megabyte	noun
megabytes	megabyte	noun:plural
mebibyte	mebibyte	noun
mebibytes	mebibyte	noun:plural
missa	missa	noun
mainland	mainland	noun
marmiting	marmiting	verb:simple_present+
marmitings	marmiting	verb:simple_present+
marmitinged	marmiting	verb:simple_past+
marmitinged	marmiting	verb:past_participle+
marmitinging	marmiting	verb:present_participle+
make-work	make-work	noun
mentioning	mentioning	verb:simple_present+
mentionings	mentioning	verb:simple_present+
mentioninged	mentioning	verb:simple_past+
mentioninged	mentioning	verb:past_participle+
mentioninging	mentioning	verb:present_participle+
midianite	midianite	noun
maisonette	maisonette	noun
meets	meets	noun
mukulukusa	mukulukusa	noun
missions	missions	noun
marmite	marmite	noun
mausoleum	mausoleum	noun
mausoleums	mausoleum	noun:plural
microbot	microbot	noun
mobot	mobot	noun
mahasattva	mahasattva	noun
mahasattvas	mahasattva	noun:plural
misfortune	misfortune	noun
mercy	mercy	noun
mesocyclone	mesocyclone	noun
mitch	mitch	verb:simple_present+
mitchs	mitch	verb:simple_present+
mitched	mitch	verb:simple_past+
mitched	mitch	verb:past_participle+
mitching	mitch	verb:present_participle+
misogamy	misogamy	noun
mugu	mugu	noun
modernism	modernism	noun
modernist	modernist	adjective
modernist	modernist	noun
modernity	modernity	noun
modernities	modernity	noun:plural
meths	meths	noun
meth	meth	noun
methylated	methylated	adjective
methanol	methanol	noun
malachite	malachite	noun
malachite	malachite	adjective
mazarine	mazarine	noun
mazarine	mazarine	adjective
midinette	midinette	noun
matrilocal	matrilocal	adjective
madrigal	madrigal	noun
mayhaps	mayhaps	adverbe
moderation	moderation	noun
muppet	muppet	noun
muppet	muppet	proper noun
man-mark	man-mark	verb:simple_present+
man-marks	man-mark	verb:simple_present+
man-marked	man-mark	verb:simple_past+
man-marked	man-mark	verb:past_participle+
man-marking	man-mark	verb:present_participle+
millenium	millenium	noun
milleniums	millenium	noun:plural
Maria	Maria	proper noun
Montenegro	Montenegro	proper noun
monument	monument	noun
morpho-syntax	morpho-syntax	noun
macerate	macerate	verb:simple_present+
macerates	macerate	verb:simple_present+
macerated	macerate	verb:simple_past+
macerated	macerate	verb:past_participle+
macerating	macerate	verb:present_participle+
macerate	macerate	noun
mutha	mutha	adjective
measurable	measurable	adjective
manipulation	manipulation	noun
meist	meist	adjective
mastoiditis	mastoiditis	noun
Monmouthshire	Monmouthshire	proper noun
Mande	Mande	proper noun
Montgomeryshire	Montgomeryshire	proper noun
Merionethshire	Merionethshire	proper noun
Malthusian	Malthusian	adjective
Malthus	Malthus	proper noun
Malthusianism	Malthusianism	noun
mulching	mulching	adjective
mulching	mulching	noun
mulching	mulching	verb:simple_present+
mulchings	mulching	verb:simple_present+
mulchinged	mulching	verb:simple_past+
mulchinged	mulching	verb:past_participle+
mulchinging	mulching	verb:present_participle+
maxilla	maxilla	noun
maxillas	maxilla	noun:plural
miniver	miniver	noun
modillion	modillion	noun
monotreme	monotreme	noun
monied	monied	adjective
malleus	malleus	noun
mullock	mullock	noun
morgun	morgun	noun
metacarpus	metacarpus	noun
metatarsus	metatarsus	noun
metatarsal	metatarsal	adjective
metatarsal	metatarsal	noun
metatarsals	metatarsal	noun:plural
manacle	manacle	noun
manacles	manacle	noun:plural
manacle	manacle	verb:simple_present+transitive
manacles	manacle	verb:simple_present+transitive
manacled	manacle	verb:simple_past+transitive
manacled	manacle	verb:past_participle+transitive
manacling	manacle	verb:present_participle+transitive
myocardium	myocardium	noun
mastermindful	mastermindful	adjective
Mac	Mac	noun
Macintosh	Macintosh	proper noun
Macintoshes	Macintosh	proper noun:plural
Macintosh	Macintosh	proper noun
Macintoshes	Macintosh	proper noun:plural
Magenta	Magenta	proper noun
Magnesia	Magnesia	proper noun
Mai	Mai	proper noun
Maidenhead	Maidenhead	proper noun
Main	Main	proper noun
Mal	Mal	proper noun
Malina	Malina	proper noun
Man	Man	interjection
Mandarin	Mandarin	proper noun
Manhattan	Manhattan	proper noun
Marc	Marc	proper noun
Marc	Marc	noun
March	March	proper noun
Mark	Mark	proper noun
Marmite	Marmite	proper noun
Mars	Mars	proper noun
Mars	Mars	proper noun
Match	Match	proper noun
Match	Match	proper noun
Matt	Matt	proper noun
Matts	Matt	proper noun:plural
Max	Max	proper noun
May	May	proper noun
Med	Med	proper noun
Melissa	Melissa	proper noun
Melody	Melody	proper noun
Mercury	Mercury	proper noun
Mia	Mia	proper noun
Mike	Mike	proper noun
Mikes	Mike	proper noun:plural
Mike	Mike	noun
Miles	Miles	proper noun
Mini	Mini	proper noun
Monopoly	Monopoly	proper noun
More	More	proper noun
Morgan	Morgan	proper noun
Mother	Mother	proper noun
Mother	Mother	noun
Mother	Mother	verb:simple_present+
Mothers	Mother	verb:simple_present+
???	Mother	verb:simple_past+
???	Mother	verb:past_participle+
???	Mother	verb:present_participle+
Muse	Muse	noun
Machiavellian	Machiavellian	adjective
mastermind	mastermind	noun
mastermind	mastermind	verb:simple_present+
masterminds	mastermind	verb:simple_present+
masterminded	mastermind	verb:simple_past+
masterminded	mastermind	verb:past_participle+
masterminding	mastermind	verb:present_participle+
masterminding	mastermind	verb:present_participle
Mnemosyne	Mnemosyne	proper noun
malnourished	malnourished	adjective
meaningful	meaningful	adjective
meaningless	meaningless	adjective
mementoes	mementoes	noun
muscular	muscular	adjective
mumpish	mumpish	adverbe
mediator	mediator	noun
Metradonian	Metradonian	noun
Metradonian	Metradonian	adjective
minneola	minneola	noun
minneolas	minneola	noun:plural
manageress	manageress	noun
manageresses	manageress	noun:plural
mickle	mickle	adjective
mickle	mickle	noun
matoke	matoke	noun
muckle	muckle	adjective
menschen	menschen	noun
mensches	mensches	noun
membranous	membranous	adjective
multivalued	multivalued	adjective
macchiato	macchiato	noun
macchiatos	macchiato	noun:plural
mochaccino	mochaccino	noun
mochaccinos	mochaccino	noun:plural
mocha	mocha	noun
mocha	mocha	adjective
modish	modish	adjective
molt	molt	verb:simple_present+intransitive
molts	molt	verb:simple_present+intransitive
molted	molt	verb:simple_past+intransitive
molted	molt	verb:past_participle+intransitive
molting	molt	verb:present_participle+intransitive
molt	molt	noun
momentous	momentous	adjective
myology	myology	noun
myologies	myology	noun:plural
martial	martial	adjective
Martial	Martial	proper noun
munchie	munchie	noun
muddy	muddy	adjective
muddy	muddy	verb:simple_present+transitive
muddies	muddy	verb:simple_present+transitive
muddied	muddy	verb:simple_past+transitive
muddied	muddy	verb:past_participle+transitive
muddying	muddy	verb:present_participle+transitive
misogynise	misogynise	verb:simple_present+
misogynises	misogynise	verb:simple_present+
misogynised	misogynise	verb:simple_past+
misogynised	misogynise	verb:past_participle+
misogynising	misogynise	verb:present_participle+
magnolia	magnolia	noun
magnolia	magnolia	adjective
mastoid	mastoid	adjective
mastoid	mastoid	noun
mastoids	mastoid	noun:plural
meg	meg	noun
modify	modify	verb:simple_present+transitive
modifies	modify	verb:simple_present+transitive
modified	modify	verb:simple_past+transitive
modified	modify	verb:past_participle+transitive
modifying	modify	verb:present_participle+transitive
modify	modify	verb:simple_present+intransitive
modifies	modify	verb:simple_present+intransitive
modified	modify	verb:simple_past+intransitive
modified	modify	verb:past_participle+intransitive
modifying	modify	verb:present_participle+intransitive
mojo	mojo	noun
mojos	mojo	noun:plural
manila	manila	adjective
manila	manila	noun
matron	matron	noun
morn	morn	interjection
mamilla	mamilla	noun
mammography	mammography	noun
macrosomia	macrosomia	noun
monorchid	monorchid	adjective
monetary	monetary	adjective
meningoencephalitis	meningoencephalitis	noun
Mesolithic	Mesolithic	noun
Mafioso	Mafioso	noun
mooncalf	mooncalf	noun
memoir	memoir	noun
muchly	muchly	adverbe
metagrobolism	metagrobolism	noun
masthead	masthead	noun
malingeror	malingeror	noun
Mafia	Mafia	noun
Makedonski	Makedonski	noun
metamorphose	metamorphose	verb:simple_present+
metamorphoses	metamorphose	verb:simple_present+
metamorphosed	metamorphose	verb:simple_past+
metamorphosed	metamorphose	verb:past_participle+
metamorphosing	metamorphose	verb:present_participle+
Moore	Moore	proper noun
madrassah	madrassah	noun
Muhammad	Muhammad	proper noun
MILFs	MILFs	noun
monte	monte	noun
masikini	masikini	noun
midwifery	midwifery	noun
mendicant	mendicant	adjective
mendicant	mendicant	noun
montane	montane	adjective
muhajir	muhajir	noun
Muharram	Muharram	noun
Mogwai	Mogwai	proper noun
mogwai	mogwai	noun
molluscivore	molluscivore	noun
Mahdi	Mahdi	proper noun
masjid	masjid	noun
Medina	Medina	proper noun
mihrab	mihrab	noun
millah	millah	noun
Moghul	Moghul	proper noun
mogul	mogul	noun
multiplicand	multiplicand	noun
multiplicands	multiplicand	noun:plural
multiplier	multiplier	noun
multipliers	multiplier	noun:plural
massecuite	massecuite	noun
meretricious	meretricious	adjective
motorbike	motorbike	noun
Moran	Moran	proper noun
masculinism	masculinism	noun
malarkey	malarkey	noun
meatus	meatus	noun
marches	marches	noun
maim	maim	verb:simple_present+
maims	maim	verb:simple_present+
maimed	maim	verb:simple_past+
maimed	maim	verb:past_participle+
maiming	maim	verb:present_participle+
merely	merely	adverbe
monitory	monitory	adjective
monitory	monitory	noun
mallemaroking	mallemaroking	noun
mariage	mariage	noun
microneighborhood	microneighborhood	noun
mouthbreather	mouthbreather	noun
mo.	mo.	verb:simple_present+
mo.s	mo.	verb:simple_present+
mo.ed	mo.	verb:simple_past+
mo.ed	mo.	verb:past_participle+
mo.ing	mo.	verb:present_participle+
mo.ing	mo.	verb:present_participle
mo.	mo.	noun
marcescent	marcescent	adjective
milestone	milestone	noun
middle-class	middle-class	adjective
Majorism	Majorism	noun
Mammon	Mammon	noun
mistletoe	mistletoe	noun
marketeer	marketeer	noun
marzipan	marzipan	noun
mutable	mutable	adjective
mutagenic	mutagenic	adjective
mulligan	mulligan	noun
Med.	Med.	proper noun
memo	memo	noun
microcephalic	microcephalic	adjective
macrocephalic	macrocephalic	adjective
mizzenmast	mizzenmast	noun
monocultural	monocultural	noun
memorization	memorization	noun
Melbournite	Melbournite	noun
merciful	merciful	adjective
Merv	Merv	noun
mesmeric	mesmeric	adjective
mesmerist	mesmerist	noun
midst	midst	noun
metabolite	metabolite	noun
manners	manners	noun
Midi	Midi	proper noun
midi	midi	adjective
midi	midi	noun
maxi	maxi	adjective
maxi	maxi	noun
mandarine	mandarine	noun
microchip	microchip	noun
Methuselah	Methuselah	proper noun
modified	modified	adjective
manually	manually	adverbe
mobility	mobility	noun
mandated	mandated	adjective
malware	malware	noun
motte	motte	noun
matins	matins	noun
monohybrid	monohybrid	noun
misper	misper	noun
mockney	mockney	noun
morphing	morphing	noun
moulin	moulin	noun
moulins	moulin	noun:plural
mastery	mastery	noun
Mal.	Mal.	proper noun
misconstrue	misconstrue	verb:simple_present+transitive
misconstrues	misconstrue	verb:simple_present+transitive
misconstrued	misconstrue	verb:simple_past+transitive
misconstrued	misconstrue	verb:past_participle+transitive
misconstruing	misconstrue	verb:present_participle+transitive
misconstrueing	misconstrue	verb:present_participle
mephitic	mephitic	adjective
merlon	merlon	noun
militarism	militarism	noun
machinate	machinate	verb:simple_present+
machinates	machinate	verb:simple_present+
machinated	machinate	verb:simple_past+
machinated	machinate	verb:past_participle+
machinating	machinate	verb:present_participle+
machinery	machinery	noun
machineries	machinery	noun:plural
mitosis	mitosis	noun
mick	mick	noun
monotheistic	monotheistic	adjective
merkredo	merkredo	noun
Mick	Mick	proper noun
Mantoykas	Mantoykas	proper noun
murmured	murmured	verb:simple_present+
murmureds	murmured	verb:simple_present+
???	murmured	verb:simple_past+
???	murmured	verb:past_participle+
???	murmured	verb:present_participle+
marched	marched	verb:simple_present+
marcheds	marched	verb:simple_present+
???	marched	verb:simple_past+
???	marched	verb:past_participle+
???	marched	verb:present_participle+
mingled	mingled	verb:simple_present+
mingleds	mingled	verb:simple_present+
???	mingled	verb:simple_past+
???	mingled	verb:past_participle+
???	mingled	verb:present_participle+
muttered	muttered	verb:simple_present+
muttereds	muttered	verb:simple_present+
???	muttered	verb:simple_past+
???	muttered	verb:past_participle+
???	muttered	verb:present_participle+
mingle	mingle	verb:simple_present+
mingles	mingle	verb:simple_present+
mingled	mingle	verb:simple_past+
mingled	mingle	verb:past_participle+
mingling	mingle	verb:present_participle+
mingle	mingle	noun
malpais	malpais	noun
manchineel	manchineel	noun
mizzle	mizzle	verb:simple_present+intransitive
mizzles	mizzle	verb:simple_present+intransitive
mizzled	mizzle	verb:simple_past+intransitive
mizzled	mizzle	verb:past_participle+intransitive
mizzling	mizzle	verb:present_participle+intransitive
malison	malison	adjective
monogamous	monogamous	adjective
mechanize	mechanize	verb:simple_present+transitive
mechanizes	mechanize	verb:simple_present+transitive
mechanized	mechanize	verb:simple_past+transitive
mechanized	mechanize	verb:past_participle+transitive
mechanizing	mechanize	verb:present_participle+transitive
marketplace	marketplace	noun
meantime	meantime	noun
malice	malice	noun
malefic	malefic	adjective
micromanage	micromanage	verb:simple_present+
micromanages	micromanage	verb:simple_present+
micromanaged	micromanage	verb:simple_past+
micromanaged	micromanage	verb:past_participle+
micromanaging	micromanage	verb:present_participle+
microvillus	microvillus	noun
methamphetamine	methamphetamine	noun
magnetopause	magnetopause	noun
meninx	meninx	noun
marksman	marksman	noun
muwashi	muwashi	noun
modularize	modularize	verb:simple_present+
modularizes	modularize	verb:simple_present+
modularized	modularize	verb:simple_past+
modularized	modularize	verb:past_participle+
modularizing	modularize	verb:present_participle+
modularized	modularized	adjective
Mussulman	Mussulman	noun
Mussulmans	Mussulman	noun:plural
modular	modular	adjective
modularise	modularise	verb:simple_present+
modularises	modularise	verb:simple_present+
modularised	modularise	verb:simple_past+
modularised	modularise	verb:past_participle+
modularising	modularise	verb:present_participle+
megaflop	megaflop	noun
motorize	motorize	verb:simple_present+transitive
motorizes	motorize	verb:simple_present+transitive
motorized	motorize	verb:simple_past+transitive
motorized	motorize	verb:past_participle+transitive
motorizing	motorize	verb:present_participle+transitive
Mankad	Mankad	noun
midwicket	midwicket	noun
minefield	minefield	noun
martingale	martingale	noun
Midir	Midir	proper noun
matriculate	matriculate	verb:simple_present+
matriculates	matriculate	verb:simple_present+
matriculated	matriculate	verb:simple_past+
matriculated	matriculate	verb:past_participle+
matriculating	matriculate	verb:present_participle+
matriculate	matriculate	noun
monomino	monomino	noun
monominoes	monomino	noun:plural
manque	manque	adjective
mesoscopic	mesoscopic	adjective
maturiositude	maturiositude	noun
misguided	misguided	adjective
Maoism	Maoism	noun
moniamond	moniamond	noun
moniamonds	moniamond	noun:plural
mediatory	mediatory	adjective
mediocrity	mediocrity	noun
monosemic	monosemic	adjective
monosemy	monosemy	noun
mixer	mixer	noun
ming	ming	verb:simple_present+
mings	ming	verb:simple_present+
minged	ming	verb:simple_past+
minged	ming	verb:past_participle+
minging	ming	verb:present_participle+
minging	minging	adjective
microphone	microphone	noun
mic	mic	noun
machin	machin	noun
minuend	minuend	noun
minuends	minuend	noun:plural
megadeath	megadeath	noun
manchot	manchot	noun
microprocessor	microprocessor	noun
multimeter	multimeter	noun
maltreat	maltreat	verb:simple_present+
maltreats	maltreat	verb:simple_present+
maltreated	maltreat	verb:simple_past+
maltreated	maltreat	verb:past_participle+
maltreating	maltreat	verb:present_participle+
maltreated	maltreated	verb:simple_present+
maltreateds	maltreated	verb:simple_present+
???	maltreated	verb:simple_past+
???	maltreated	verb:past_participle+
???	maltreated	verb:present_participle+
microcontinent	microcontinent	noun
miso	miso	noun
Myriapoda	Myriapoda	proper noun
Mollusca	Mollusca	proper noun
Myxini	Myxini	proper noun
magistrate	magistrate	noun
mangu	mangu	noun
many	many	determiner
my	my	determiner
many	many	determiner
my	my	determiner
