portmanteau	portmanteau	noun
portmanteaus	portmanteau	noun:plural
portmanteau	portmanteau	adjective
pound	pound	noun
pounds	pound	noun:plural
pound	pound	verb:simple_present+transitive
pounds	pound	verb:simple_present+transitive
pounded	pound	verb:simple_past+transitive
pounded	pound	verb:past_participle+transitive
pounding	pound	verb:present_participle+transitive
pounding	pound	verb:present_participle
pond	pond	noun
pies	pies	noun
pie	pie	noun
pies	pie	noun:plural
pie	pie	verb:simple_present+transitive
pies	pie	verb:simple_present+transitive
pied	pie	verb:simple_past+transitive
pied	pie	verb:past_participle+transitive
pying	pie	verb:present_participle+transitive
pie	pie	adverbe
polysemic	polysemic	adjective
patronage	patronage	noun
patronage	patronage	verb:simple_present+
patronages	patronage	verb:simple_present+
patronaged	patronage	verb:simple_past+
patronaged	patronage	verb:past_participle+
patronaging	patronage	verb:present_participle+
product	product	noun
pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis	pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis	noun
pumpkin	pumpkin	noun
pseudoantidisestablishmentarianism	pseudoantidisestablishmentarianism	noun
plural	plural	noun
plural	plural	adjective
pez	pez	proper noun
premature	premature	adjective
planet	planet	noun
planets	planet	noun:plural
polytheistic	polytheistic	adjective
parole	parole	verb:simple_present+transitive
paroles	parole	verb:simple_present+transitive
paroled	parole	verb:simple_past+transitive
paroled	parole	verb:past_participle+transitive
paroling	parole	verb:present_participle+transitive
parole	parole	noun
pre-Columbian	pre-Columbian	adjective
polytheism	polytheism	noun
point	point	noun
points	point	noun:plural
point	point	verb:simple_present+intransitive
points	point	verb:simple_present+intransitive
pointed	point	verb:simple_past+intransitive
pointed	point	verb:past_participle+intransitive
pointing	point	verb:present_participle+intransitive
point	point	verb:simple_present+transitive
points	point	verb:simple_present+transitive
pointed	point	verb:simple_past+transitive
pointed	point	verb:past_participle+transitive
pointing	point	verb:present_participle+transitive
prolix	prolix	adjective
port	port	noun
ports	port	noun:plural
port	port	verb:simple_present+transitive
ports	port	verb:simple_present+transitive
ported	port	verb:simple_past+transitive
ported	port	verb:past_participle+transitive
porting	port	verb:present_participle+transitive
porting	port	verb:present_participle
port	port	noun
port	port	adjective
pissed	pissed	verb:simple_present+
pisseds	pissed	verb:simple_present+
???	pissed	verb:simple_past+
???	pissed	verb:past_participle+
???	pissed	verb:present_participle+
pissed	pissed	adjective
peccaminous	peccaminous	adjective
peso	peso	noun
poppycock	poppycock	noun
pencil	pencil	noun
pencils	pencil	noun:plural
pencil	pencil	verb:simple_present+
pencils	pencil	verb:simple_present+
???	pencil	verb:simple_past+
???	pencil	verb:past_participle+
???	pencil	verb:present_participle+
peace	peace	noun
perfunctory	perfunctory	adjective
pythonesque	pythonesque	adjective
Poland	Poland	proper noun
Philippines	Philippines	proper noun
policy	policy	noun
policies	policy	noun:plural
pseudonym	pseudonym	noun
proprietary	proprietary	adjective
Panama	Panama	proper noun
Peru	Peru	proper noun
Pakistan	Pakistan	proper noun
Portugal	Portugal	proper noun
Paraguay	Paraguay	proper noun
pollution	pollution	noun
pollutant	pollutant	noun
pollute	pollute	verb:simple_present+transitive
pollutes	pollute	verb:simple_present+transitive
polluted	pollute	verb:simple_past+transitive
polluted	pollute	verb:past_participle+transitive
polluting	pollute	verb:present_participle+transitive
Portuguese	Portuguese	adjective
Portuguese	Portuguese	proper noun
Portuguese	Portuguese	proper noun
parapluvia	parapluvia	noun
parapluvia	parapluvia	noun
precipitously	precipitously	adverbe
poison	poison	noun
poison	poison	verb:simple_present+
poisons	poison	verb:simple_present+
???	poison	verb:simple_past+
???	poison	verb:past_participle+
???	poison	verb:present_participle+
phoenix	phoenix	noun
phoenix	phoenix	proper noun
Palau	Palau	proper noun
pronunciation	pronunciation	noun
pronunciation	pronunciation	noun
presidente	presidente	noun
picosecond	picosecond	noun
phillumenist	phillumenist	noun
plant	plant	noun
plants	plant	noun:plural
plant	plant	noun
plants	plant	noun:plural
plant	plant	verb:simple_present+transitive
plants	plant	verb:simple_present+transitive
planted	plant	verb:simple_past+transitive
planted	plant	verb:past_participle+transitive
planting	plant	verb:present_participle+transitive
paralipsis	paralipsis	noun
paraskavedekatriaphobia	paraskavedekatriaphobia	noun
protester	protester	noun
pulpit	pulpit	noun
pink	pink	adjective
pink	pink	noun
pinks	pink	noun:plural
purple	purple	noun
purples	purple	noun:plural
purple	purple	adjective
penny	penny	noun
pennies	penny	noun:plural
penny	penny	verb:simple_present+
pennies	penny	verb:simple_present+
pennied	penny	verb:simple_past+
pennied	penny	verb:past_participle+
pennying	penny	verb:present_participle+
pennying	penny	verb:present_participle
pip	pip	noun
pip	pip	verb:simple_present+
pips	pip	verb:simple_present+
???	pip	verb:simple_past+
???	pip	verb:past_participle+
???	pip	verb:present_participle+
pit	pit	noun
pit	pit	verb:simple_present+
pits	pit	verb:simple_present+
???	pit	verb:simple_past+
???	pit	verb:past_participle+
???	pit	verb:present_participle+
plankton	plankton	noun
person	person	noun
persons	person	noun:plural
Polish	Polish	adjective
Polish	Polish	noun
parallel	parallel	adjective
parallel	parallel	noun
parallels	parallel	noun:plural
parallel	parallel	verb:simple_present+transitive
parallels	parallel	verb:simple_present+transitive
paralleled	parallel	verb:simple_past+transitive
paralleled	parallel	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	parallel	verb:present_participle+transitive
perpendicular	perpendicular	adjective
perpendicular	perpendicular	noun
perpendiculars	perpendicular	noun:plural
perpendicular	perpendicular	proper noun
polygonal	polygonal	adjective
polygon	polygon	noun
polygons	polygon	noun:plural
pi	pi	noun
pi	pi	verb:simple_present+transitive
pis	pi	verb:simple_present+transitive
pied	pi	verb:simple_past+transitive
pied	pi	verb:past_participle+transitive
piing	pi	verb:present_participle+transitive
pi	pi	adjective
pi	pi	noun
perspicuity	perspicuity	noun
polyglot	polyglot	adjective
polyglot	polyglot	noun
polyglots	polyglot	noun:plural
percent	percent	noun
prick	prick	noun
pricks	prick	noun:plural
prick	prick	verb:simple_present+transitive
pricks	prick	verb:simple_present+transitive
pricked	prick	verb:simple_past+transitive
pricked	prick	verb:past_participle+transitive
pricking	prick	verb:present_participle+transitive
pricking	prick	verb:present_participle
polari	polari	noun
picture	picture	noun
pictures	picture	noun:plural
picture	picture	verb:simple_present+transitive
pictures	picture	verb:simple_present+transitive
pictured	picture	verb:simple_past+transitive
pictured	picture	verb:past_participle+transitive
picturing	picture	verb:present_participle+transitive
pom	pom	noun
pommy	pommy	proper noun
pommy	pommy	adjective
peruke	peruke	noun
parent	parent	noun
parents	parent	noun:plural
parents	parents	noun
pimple	pimple	noun
pimples	pimple	noun:plural
pinky	pinky	noun
project	project	noun
projects	project	noun:plural
project	project	verb:simple_present+intransitive
projects	project	verb:simple_present+intransitive
projected	project	verb:simple_past+intransitive
projected	project	verb:past_participle+intransitive
projecting	project	verb:present_participle+intransitive
project	project	verb:simple_present+transitive
projects	project	verb:simple_present+transitive
projected	project	verb:simple_past+transitive
projected	project	verb:past_participle+transitive
projecting	project	verb:present_participle+transitive
pigment	pigment	noun
pupa	pupa	noun
pupas	pupa	noun:plural
pajamas	pajamas	noun
plum	plum	noun
plums	plum	noun:plural
plum	plum	adjective
pen	pen	noun
pens	pen	noun:plural
pen	pen	verb:simple_present+transitive
pens	pen	verb:simple_present+transitive
penned	pen	verb:simple_past+transitive
penned	pen	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	pen	verb:present_participle+transitive
pen	pen	noun
pen	pen	verb:simple_present+transitive
pens	pen	verb:simple_present+transitive
penned	pen	verb:simple_past+transitive
penned	pen	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	pen	verb:present_participle+transitive
pen	pen	noun
primrose	primrose	noun
primroses	primrose	noun:plural
primrose	primrose	adjective
priest	priest	noun
priests	priest	noun:plural
pyrope	pyrope	noun
plaza	plaza	noun
pancreas	pancreas	noun
pancreases	pancreas	noun:plural
palace	palace	noun
pyramidal	pyramidal	noun
pistil	pistil	noun
pamphlet	pamphlet	noun
posh	posh	adjective
proverb	proverb	noun
Perthian	Perthian	noun
Perthian	Perthian	adjective
polycrotic	polycrotic	adjective
polycrotism	polycrotism	noun
pyramidally	pyramidally	adverbe
pyramidion	pyramidion	noun
pronoun	pronoun	noun
positron	positron	noun
payment	payment	noun
payments	payment	noun:plural
Pernambuco	Pernambuco	proper noun
polycystid	polycystid	noun
polycystid	polycystid	adjective
polycystidea	polycystidea	noun
piece	piece	noun
polycystina	polycystina	noun
polycystine	polycystine	adjective
polycystine	polycystine	noun
polycyttaria	polycyttaria	noun
pyramidic	pyramidic	adjective
pyramidical	pyramidical	adjective
pedantic	pedantic	adjective
pedant	pedant	noun
pedants	pedant	noun:plural
polder	polder	noun
polders	polder	noun:plural
polydactylous	polydactylous	adjective
polydactyl	polydactyl	adjective
pyramidoid	pyramidoid	noun
pyramoid	pyramoid	noun
phrase	phrase	noun
phrases	phrase	noun:plural
phrase	phrase	verb:simple_present+transitive
phrases	phrase	verb:simple_present+transitive
phrased	phrase	verb:simple_past+transitive
phrased	phrase	verb:past_participle+transitive
phrasing	phrase	verb:present_participle+transitive
predicate	predicate	noun
predicates	predicate	noun:plural
pico	pico	proper noun
pico	pico	noun
pico	pico	noun
pizza	pizza	noun
perfect	perfect	adjective
perfect	perfect	verb:simple_present+transitive
perfects	perfect	verb:simple_present+transitive
perfected	perfect	verb:simple_past+transitive
perfected	perfect	verb:past_participle+transitive
perfecting	perfect	verb:present_participle+transitive
precise	precise	adjective
precise	precise	noun
pants	pants	noun
pants	pants	verb:simple_present+
pantss	pants	verb:simple_present+
pantsed	pants	verb:simple_past+
pantsed	pants	verb:past_participle+
pantsing	pants	verb:present_participle+
pantsing	pants	verb:present_participle
pants	pants	adjective
polydactylism	polydactylism	noun
polydactyly	polydactyly	noun
pyrargyrite	pyrargyrite	noun
punjab	punjab	proper noun
Pondicherry	Pondicherry	proper noun
polydipsia	polydipsia	noun
pyre	pyre	noun
Perth	Perth	proper noun
path	path	noun
Palmas	Palmas	proper noun
pavement	pavement	noun
pahang	pahang	proper noun
penang	penang	proper noun
perlis	perlis	proper noun
putrajaya	putrajaya	proper noun
punya	punya	verb:simple_present+
punyas	punya	verb:simple_present+
punyad	punya	verb:simple_past+
punyad	punya	verb:past_participle+
punying	punya	verb:present_participle+
pergi	pergi	verb:simple_present+
pergis	pergi	verb:simple_present+
pergied	pergi	verb:simple_past+
pergied	pergi	verb:past_participle+
pergiing	pergi	verb:present_participle+
Patna	Patna	proper noun
Panaji	Panaji	proper noun
Pitjantjatjara	Pitjantjatjara	proper noun
Pitjantjara	Pitjantjara	proper noun
palm	palm	noun
palms	palm	noun:plural
palm	palm	verb:simple_present+
palms	palm	verb:simple_present+
palmed	palm	verb:simple_past+
palmed	palm	verb:past_participle+
palming	palm	verb:present_participle+
palming	palm	verb:present_participle
preposition	preposition	noun
prepositions	preposition	noun:plural
preposition	preposition	noun
pam	pam	interjection
pain	pain	noun
pain	pain	verb:simple_present+
pains	pain	verb:simple_present+
pained	pain	verb:simple_past+
pained	pain	verb:past_participle+
paining	pain	verb:present_participle+
pin	pin	noun
pins	pin	noun:plural
pin	pin	verb:simple_present+transitive
pins	pin	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	pin	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	pin	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	pin	verb:present_participle+transitive
pretzel	pretzel	noun
provenance	provenance	noun
poop	poop	noun
poops	poop	noun:plural
poop	poop	verb:simple_present+
poops	poop	verb:simple_present+
pooped	poop	verb:simple_past+
pooped	poop	verb:past_participle+
pooping	poop	verb:present_participle+
pooping	poop	verb:present_participle
pigeon	pigeon	noun
polygamy	polygamy	noun
participle	participle	noun
prattle	prattle	verb:simple_present+
prattles	prattle	verb:simple_present+
prattled	prattle	verb:simple_past+
prattled	prattle	verb:past_participle+
prattling	prattle	verb:present_participle+
prattle	prattle	noun
pula	pula	noun
pula	pula	adjective
paint	paint	noun
paints	paint	noun:plural
paint	paint	verb:simple_present+
paints	paint	verb:simple_present+
painted	paint	verb:simple_past+
painted	paint	verb:past_participle+
painting	paint	verb:present_participle+
painting	paint	verb:present_participle
polyedron	polyedron	noun
polyedrous	polyedrous	adjective
polyeidic	polyeidic	adjective
penkyamp	penkyamp	noun
pinnate	pinnate	adjective
pronominal	pronominal	adjective
pledge	pledge	verb:simple_present+
pledges	pledge	verb:simple_present+
pledged	pledge	verb:simple_past+
pledged	pledge	verb:past_participle+
pledging	pledge	verb:present_participle+
pledge	pledge	noun
partake	partake	verb:simple_present+intransitive
partakes	partake	verb:simple_present+intransitive
partook	partake	verb:simple_past+intransitive
partaken	partake	verb:past_participle+intransitive
partaking	partake	verb:present_participle+intransitive
partook	partook	verb:simple_present+
partooks	partook	verb:simple_present+
partooked	partook	verb:simple_past+
partooked	partook	verb:past_participle+
partooking	partook	verb:present_participle+
partaken	partaken	verb:simple_present+
partakens	partaken	verb:simple_present+
???	partaken	verb:simple_past+
???	partaken	verb:past_participle+
???	partaken	verb:present_participle+
pay	pay	verb:simple_present+
pays	pay	verb:simple_present+
paid	pay	verb:simple_past+
paid	pay	verb:past_participle+
paying	pay	verb:present_participle+
paying	pay	verb:present_participle
paid	paid	verb:simple_present+
paids	paid	verb:simple_present+
paided	paid	verb:simple_past+
paided	paid	verb:past_participle+
paiding	paid	verb:present_participle+
paid	paid	verb:simple_present+
paids	paid	verb:simple_present+
paided	paid	verb:simple_past+
paided	paid	verb:past_participle+
paiding	paid	verb:present_participle+
plead	plead	verb:simple_present+
pleads	plead	verb:simple_present+
pled	plead	verb:simple_past+
pleaded	plead	verb:simple_past+
pled	plead	verb:past_participle+
pleaded	plead	verb:past_participle+
pleading	plead	verb:present_participle+
pled	pled	verb:simple_present+
pleds	pled	verb:simple_present+
???	pled	verb:simple_past+
???	pled	verb:past_participle+
???	pled	verb:present_participle+
pled	pled	verb:simple_present+
pleds	pled	verb:simple_present+
???	pled	verb:simple_past+
???	pled	verb:past_participle+
???	pled	verb:present_participle+
pleaded	pleaded	verb:simple_present+
pleadeds	pleaded	verb:simple_present+
???	pleaded	verb:simple_past+
???	pleaded	verb:past_participle+
???	pleaded	verb:present_participle+
pre-set	pre-set	verb:simple_present+
pre-sets	pre-set	verb:simple_present+
pre-set	pre-set	verb:simple_past+
pre-set	pre-set	verb:past_participle+
???	pre-set	verb:present_participle+
pre-set	pre-set	verb:simple_present+
pre-sets	pre-set	verb:simple_present+
pre-set	pre-set	verb:simple_past+
pre-set	pre-set	verb:past_participle+
???	pre-set	verb:present_participle+
pre-set	pre-set	verb:simple_present+
pre-sets	pre-set	verb:simple_present+
pre-set	pre-set	verb:simple_past+
pre-set	pre-set	verb:past_participle+
???	pre-set	verb:present_participle+
proofread	proofread	verb:simple_present+
proofreads	proofread	verb:simple_present+
proofread	proofread	verb:simple_past+
proofread	proofread	verb:past_participle+
proofreading	proofread	verb:present_participle+
prove	prove	verb:simple_present+
proves	prove	verb:simple_present+
proved	prove	verb:simple_past+
proven	prove	verb:past_participle+
proved	prove	verb:past_participle+
proving	prove	verb:present_participle+
proved	proved	verb:simple_present+
proveds	proved	verb:simple_present+
???	proved	verb:simple_past+
???	proved	verb:past_participle+
???	proved	verb:present_participle+
proved	proved	verb:simple_present+
proveds	proved	verb:simple_present+
???	proved	verb:simple_past+
???	proved	verb:past_participle+
???	proved	verb:present_participle+
proven	proven	verb:simple_present+
provens	proven	verb:simple_present+
???	proven	verb:simple_past+
???	proven	verb:past_participle+
???	proven	verb:present_participle+
put	put	verb:simple_present+
puts	put	verb:simple_present+
put	put	verb:simple_past+
put	put	verb:past_participle+
???	put	verb:present_participle+
putting	put	verb:present_participle
put	put	noun
puts	put	noun:plural
politics	politics	noun
parasol	parasol	noun
ponderous	ponderous	adjective
procrastination	procrastination	noun
pugnacious	pugnacious	adjective
phonetics	phonetics	noun
poetess	poetess	noun
polynya	polynya	noun
piano	piano	noun
pianosv	piano	noun:plural
piano	piano	adjective
penis	penis	noun
peacock	peacock	noun
power	power	noun
powers	power	noun:plural
power	power	verb:simple_present+transitive
powers	power	verb:simple_present+transitive
powered	power	verb:simple_past+transitive
powered	power	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	power	verb:present_participle+transitive
proportionate	proportionate	adjective
proportionate	proportionate	verb:simple_present+transitive
proportionates	proportionate	verb:simple_present+transitive
proportionated	proportionate	verb:simple_past+transitive
proportionated	proportionate	verb:past_participle+transitive
proportionating	proportionate	verb:present_participle+transitive
partridge	partridge	noun
pheasant	pheasant	noun
polecat	polecat	noun
pig	pig	noun
pigs	pig	noun:plural
pig	pig	adjective
plate	plate	noun
plates	plate	noun:plural
plate	plate	verb:simple_present+
plates	plate	verb:simple_present+
plated	plate	verb:simple_past+
plated	plate	verb:past_participle+
plating	plate	verb:present_participle+
pawn	pawn	noun
pawn	pawn	verb:simple_present+
pawns	pawn	verb:simple_present+
pawned	pawn	verb:simple_past+
pawned	pawn	verb:past_participle+
pawning	pawn	verb:present_participle+
plasma	plasma	noun
pull	pull	verb:simple_present+transitive
pulls	pull	verb:simple_present+transitive
pulled	pull	verb:simple_past+transitive
pulled	pull	verb:past_participle+transitive
pulling	pull	verb:present_participle+transitive
pulling	pull	verb:present_participle
pull	pull	verb:simple_present+intransitive
pulls	pull	verb:simple_present+intransitive
pulled	pull	verb:simple_past+intransitive
pulled	pull	verb:past_participle+intransitive
pulling	pull	verb:present_participle+intransitive
pull	pull	noun
pulls	pull	noun:plural
push	push	verb:simple_present+transitive
pushs	push	verb:simple_present+transitive
pushed	push	verb:simple_past+transitive
pushed	push	verb:past_participle+transitive
pushing	push	verb:present_participle+transitive
pushing	push	verb:present_participle
push	push	verb:simple_present+intransitive
pushs	push	verb:simple_present+intransitive
pushed	push	verb:simple_past+intransitive
pushed	push	verb:past_participle+intransitive
pushing	push	verb:present_participle+intransitive
play	play	verb:simple_present+intransitive
plays	play	verb:simple_present+intransitive
played	play	verb:simple_past+intransitive
played	play	verb:past_participle+intransitive
playing	play	verb:present_participle+intransitive
play	play	verb:simple_present+transitive
plays	play	verb:simple_present+transitive
played	play	verb:simple_past+transitive
played	play	verb:past_participle+transitive
playing	play	verb:present_participle+transitive
playing	play	verb:present_participle
play	play	noun
plays	play	noun:plural
plenum	plenum	noun
pos	pos	preposition
prince	prince	noun
princes	prince	noun:plural
princess	princess	noun
princesses	princess	noun:plural
principality	principality	noun
principalities	principality	noun:plural
people	people	noun
peoples	people	noun:plural
p	p	letter
p	p	noun
paddling	paddling	noun
pinyin	pinyin	noun
powder	powder	noun
powder	powder	verb:simple_present+transitive
powders	powder	verb:simple_present+transitive
powdered	powder	verb:simple_past+transitive
powdered	powder	verb:past_participle+transitive
powdering	powder	verb:present_participle+transitive
powdering	powder	verb:present_participle
powder	powder	verb:simple_present+intransitive
powders	powder	verb:simple_present+intransitive
powdered	powder	verb:simple_past+intransitive
powdered	powder	verb:past_participle+intransitive
powdering	powder	verb:present_participle+intransitive
prefix	prefix	verb:simple_present+transitive
prefixs	prefix	verb:simple_present+transitive
prefixed	prefix	verb:simple_past+transitive
prefixed	prefix	verb:past_participle+transitive
prefixing	prefix	verb:present_participle+transitive
prefixing	prefix	verb:present_participle
prefix	prefix	noun
prefixes	prefix	noun:plural
pass	pass	verb:simple_present+intransitive
passs	pass	verb:simple_present+intransitive
passed	pass	verb:simple_past+intransitive
passed	pass	verb:past_participle+intransitive
passing	pass	verb:present_participle+intransitive
pass	pass	verb:simple_present+transitive
passs	pass	verb:simple_present+transitive
passed	pass	verb:simple_past+transitive
passed	pass	verb:past_participle+transitive
passing	pass	verb:present_participle+transitive
passing	pass	verb:present_participle
pass	pass	noun
passes	pass	noun:plural
prostitute	prostitute	noun
prostitutes	prostitute	noun:plural
prostitute	prostitute	verb:simple_present+transitive
prostitutes	prostitute	verb:simple_present+transitive
prostituted	prostitute	verb:simple_past+transitive
prostituted	prostitute	verb:past_participle+transitive
prostituting	prostitute	verb:present_participle+transitive
potable	potable	adjective
peer	peer	noun
peers	peer	noun:plural
peer	peer	verb:simple_present+
peers	peer	verb:simple_present+
peered	peer	verb:simple_past+
peered	peer	verb:past_participle+
peering	peer	verb:present_participle+
peer	peer	noun
perch	perch	noun
perch	perch	noun
perch	perch	verb:simple_present+
perchs	perch	verb:simple_present+
perched	perch	verb:simple_past+
perched	perch	verb:past_participle+
perching	perch	verb:present_participle+
profile	profile	noun
profile	profile	verb:simple_present+
profiles	profile	verb:simple_present+
profiled	profile	verb:simple_past+
profiled	profile	verb:past_participle+
profiling	profile	verb:present_participle+
pail	pail	noun
pails	pail	noun:plural
pour	pour	verb:simple_present+transitive
pours	pour	verb:simple_present+transitive
poured	pour	verb:simple_past+transitive
poured	pour	verb:past_participle+transitive
pouring	pour	verb:present_participle+transitive
pouring	pour	verb:present_participle
pour	pour	verb:simple_present+intransitive
pours	pour	verb:simple_present+intransitive
poured	pour	verb:simple_past+intransitive
poured	pour	verb:past_participle+intransitive
pouring	pour	verb:present_participle+intransitive
pour	pour	noun
pet	pet	noun
pets	pet	noun:plural
pet	pet	verb:simple_present+transitive
pets	pet	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	pet	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	pet	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	pet	verb:present_participle+transitive
petting	pet	verb:present_participle
pet	pet	verb:simple_present+intransitive
pets	pet	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	pet	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	pet	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	pet	verb:present_participle+intransitive
party	party	noun
platform	platform	noun
plank	plank	noun
plank	plank	verb:simple_present+transitive
planks	plank	verb:simple_present+transitive
planked	plank	verb:simple_past+transitive
planked	plank	verb:past_participle+transitive
planking	plank	verb:present_participle+transitive
planking	plank	verb:present_participle
price	price	noun
prices	price	noun:plural
price	price	verb:simple_present+
prices	price	verb:simple_present+
priced	price	verb:simple_past+
priced	price	verb:past_participle+
pricing	price	verb:present_participle+
proton	proton	noun
protons	proton	noun:plural
pub	pub	noun
pubs	pub	noun:plural
poor	poor	adjective
poor	poor	nominal adjective
pyrena	pyrena	noun
pyrene	pyrene	noun
pyrenean	pyrenean	adjective
pyrenean	pyrenean	noun
pyrenoid	pyrenoid	noun
password	password	noun
plea	plea	noun
penguin	penguin	noun
penguins	penguin	noun:plural
peach	peach	noun
peaches	peach	noun:plural
peach	peach	proper noun
peach	peach	adjective
peach	peach	verb:simple_present+intransitive
peachs	peach	verb:simple_present+intransitive
peached	peach	verb:simple_past+intransitive
peached	peach	verb:past_participle+intransitive
peaching	peach	verb:present_participle+intransitive
peach	peach	verb:simple_present+transitive
peachs	peach	verb:simple_present+transitive
peached	peach	verb:simple_past+transitive
peached	peach	verb:past_participle+transitive
peaching	peach	verb:present_participle+transitive
pipe	pipe	noun
pipe	pipe	verb:simple_present+
pipes	pipe	verb:simple_present+
piped	pipe	verb:simple_past+
piped	pipe	verb:past_participle+
piping	pipe	verb:present_participle+
prepositional	prepositional	adjective
prepositional	prepositional	noun
prepose	prepose	verb:simple_present+transitive
preposes	prepose	verb:simple_present+transitive
preposed	prepose	verb:simple_past+transitive
preposed	prepose	verb:past_participle+transitive
preposing	prepose	verb:present_participle+transitive
preponderation	preponderation	noun
preponderatingly	preponderatingly	adverbe
particle	particle	noun
palpable	palpable	adjective
possessivpronomen	possessivpronomen	noun
Palestine	Palestine	proper noun
pear	pear	noun
pinnacle	pinnacle	noun
pinnacle	pinnacle	verb:simple_present+
pinnacles	pinnacle	verb:simple_present+
pinnacled	pinnacle	verb:simple_past+
pinnacled	pinnacle	verb:past_participle+
pinnacling	pinnacle	verb:present_participle+
penultimate	penultimate	adjective
peen	peen	noun
peens	peen	noun:plural
peen	peen	verb:simple_present+
peens	peen	verb:simple_present+
peened	peen	verb:simple_past+
peened	peen	verb:past_participle+
peening	peen	verb:present_participle+
postulate	postulate	verb:simple_present+transitive
postulates	postulate	verb:simple_present+transitive
postulated	postulate	verb:simple_past+transitive
postulated	postulate	verb:past_participle+transitive
postulating	postulate	verb:present_participle+transitive
postulate	postulate	noun
postulates	postulate	noun:plural
panier	panier	noun
polyglottous	polyglottous	adjective
polygonaceous	polygonaceous	adjective
polygoneutic	polygoneutic	adjective
polygonometry	polygonometry	noun
polygonous	polygonous	adjective
polygonum	polygonum	noun
polygony	polygony	noun
penalty	penalty	noun
precedence	precedence	noun
paperflier	paperflier	noun
perseverate	perseverate	verb:simple_present+
perseverates	perseverate	verb:simple_present+
perseverated	perseverate	verb:simple_past+
perseverated	perseverate	verb:past_participle+
perseverating	perseverate	verb:present_participle+
pellet	pellet	noun
precedent	precedent	noun
precedent	precedent	adjective
putter	putter	verb:simple_present+intransitive
putters	putter	verb:simple_present+intransitive
puttered	putter	verb:simple_past+intransitive
puttered	putter	verb:past_participle+intransitive
puttering	putter	verb:present_participle+intransitive
putter	putter	noun
putters	putter	noun:plural
persevere	persevere	verb:simple_present+
perseveres	persevere	verb:simple_present+
persevered	persevere	verb:simple_past+
persevered	persevere	verb:past_participle+
persevering	persevere	verb:present_participle+
potassium	potassium	noun
paper	paper	noun
papers	paper	noun:plural
paperen	paper	noun:plural
paper	paper	adjective
paper	paper	verb:simple_present+transitive
papers	paper	verb:simple_present+transitive
papered	paper	verb:simple_past+transitive
papered	paper	verb:past_participle+transitive
papering	paper	verb:present_participle+transitive
papering	paper	verb:present_participle
paperflyer	paperflyer	noun
permeable	permeable	adjective
passage	passage	noun
passages	passage	noun:plural
parliament	parliament	noun
photography	photography	noun
Platonic	Platonic	adjective
pitch	pitch	verb:simple_present+transitive
pitchs	pitch	verb:simple_present+transitive
pitched	pitch	verb:simple_past+transitive
pitched	pitch	verb:past_participle+transitive
pitching	pitch	verb:present_participle+transitive
pitch	pitch	verb:simple_present+intransitive
pitchs	pitch	verb:simple_present+intransitive
pitched	pitch	verb:simple_past+intransitive
pitched	pitch	verb:past_participle+intransitive
pitching	pitch	verb:present_participle+intransitive
pitch	pitch	noun
pitch	pitch	adjective
protologism	protologism	noun
please	please	verb:simple_present+
pleases	please	verb:simple_present+
pleased	please	verb:simple_past+
pleased	please	verb:past_participle+
pleasing	please	verb:present_participle+
please	please	adverbe
ping	ping	noun
ping	ping	verb:simple_present+
pings	ping	verb:simple_present+
pinged	ping	verb:simple_past+
pinged	ping	verb:past_participle+
pinging	ping	verb:present_participle+
pinging	ping	verb:present_participle
ping	ping	proper noun
prequel	prequel	noun
phoneme	phoneme	noun
phonemes	phoneme	noun:plural
Paris	Paris	proper noun
polyhedron	polyhedron	noun
polyhedrons	polyhedron	noun:plural
polygyny	polygyny	noun
polygynist	polygynist	noun
polyhedrous	polyhedrous	adjective
peruvian	peruvian	noun
peruvian	peruvian	adjective
plaintiff	plaintiff	noun
phylum	phylum	noun
phylums	phylum	noun:plural
paragraph	paragraph	noun
paragraphs	paragraph	noun:plural
prune	prune	noun
prune	prune	verb:simple_present+
prunes	prune	verb:simple_present+
pruned	prune	verb:simple_past+
pruned	prune	verb:past_participle+
pruning	prune	verb:present_participle+
prom	prom	noun
proms	prom	noun:plural
prom	prom	noun
petroleum	petroleum	noun
premier	premier	adjective
premier	premier	noun
pressure	pressure	noun
pressure	pressure	verb:simple_present+transitive
pressures	pressure	verb:simple_present+transitive
pressured	pressure	verb:simple_past+transitive
pressured	pressure	verb:past_participle+transitive
pressuring	pressure	verb:present_participle+transitive
phosphorus	phosphorus	noun
palladium	palladium	noun
praseodymium	praseodymium	noun
promethium	promethium	noun
platinum	platinum	noun
platinum	platinum	adjective
polonium	polonium	noun
protactinium	protactinium	noun
plutonium	plutonium	noun
plinth	plinth	noun
petting	petting	noun
pot	pot	noun
pot	pot	verb:simple_present+
pots	pot	verb:simple_present+
???	pot	verb:simple_past+
???	pot	verb:past_participle+
???	pot	verb:present_participle+
potting	pot	verb:present_participle
pisin	pisin	noun
pint	pint	noun
pints	pint	noun:plural
po	po	proper noun
po	po	noun
Persian	Persian	noun
Persian	Persian	adjective
Persian	Persian	adjective
pa	pa	noun
pa	pa	interjection
pan	pan	noun
pans	pan	noun:plural
pan	pan	verb:simple_present+transitive
pans	pan	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	pan	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	pan	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	pan	verb:present_participle+transitive
panning	pan	verb:present_participle
pan	pan	verb:simple_present+intransitive
pans	pan	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	pan	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	pan	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	pan	verb:present_participle+intransitive
pe	pe	noun
pied	pied	verb:simple_present+
pieds	pied	verb:simple_present+
pieded	pied	verb:simple_past+
pieded	pied	verb:past_participle+
pieding	pied	verb:present_participle+
pied	pied	adjective
philistine	philistine	noun
pilot	pilot	noun
pilot	pilot	verb:simple_present+transitive
pilots	pilot	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	pilot	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	pilot	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	pilot	verb:present_participle+transitive
pilot	pilot	adjective
Pennsylvanian	Pennsylvanian	noun
Pennsylvanian	Pennsylvanian	adjective
profit	profit	noun
profit	profit	verb:simple_present+
profits	profit	verb:simple_present+
profited	profit	verb:simple_past+
profited	profit	verb:past_participle+
profiting	profit	verb:present_participle+
profiting	profit	verb:present_participle
perception	perception	noun
possiblities	possiblities	noun
pager	pager	noun
pagers	pager	noun:plural
paradigm	paradigm	noun
punish	punish	verb:simple_present+
punishs	punish	verb:simple_present+
punished	punish	verb:simple_past+
punished	punish	verb:past_participle+
punishing	punish	verb:present_participle+
punishing	punish	verb:present_participle
punishment	punishment	noun
pragmatic	pragmatic	adjective
produce	produce	verb:simple_present+transitive
produces	produce	verb:simple_present+transitive
produced	produce	verb:simple_past+transitive
produced	produce	verb:past_participle+transitive
producing	produce	verb:present_participle+transitive
produce	produce	noun
problem	problem	noun
pop	pop	noun
pops	pop	noun:plural
pop	pop	noun
pops	pop	noun:plural
pop	pop	noun
pop	pop	verb:simple_present+intransitive
pops	pop	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	pop	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	pop	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	pop	verb:present_participle+intransitive
pop	pop	verb:simple_present+transitive
pops	pop	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	pop	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	pop	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	pop	verb:present_participle+transitive
popping	pop	verb:present_participle
pop	pop	adjective
psycho	psycho	adjective
pure	pure	adjective
plane	plane	noun
planes	plane	noun:plural
plane	plane	verb:simple_present+transitive
planes	plane	verb:simple_present+transitive
planed	plane	verb:simple_past+transitive
planed	plane	verb:past_participle+transitive
planing	plane	verb:present_participle+transitive
plane	plane	verb:simple_present+intransitive
planes	plane	verb:simple_present+intransitive
planed	plane	verb:simple_past+intransitive
planed	plane	verb:past_participle+intransitive
planing	plane	verb:present_participle+intransitive
plane	plane	adjective
protestant	protestant	noun
protestant	protestant	adjective
ply	ply	noun
plies	ply	noun:plural
ply	ply	verb:simple_present+transitive
plies	ply	verb:simple_present+transitive
plied	ply	verb:simple_past+transitive
plied	ply	verb:past_participle+transitive
plying	ply	verb:present_participle+transitive
plying	ply	verb:present_participle
plywood	plywood	noun
phone	phone	noun
phone	phone	verb:simple_present+transitive
phones	phone	verb:simple_present+transitive
phoned	phone	verb:simple_past+transitive
phoned	phone	verb:past_participle+transitive
phoning	phone	verb:present_participle+transitive
peat	peat	noun
protagonist	protagonist	noun
prorate	prorate	verb:simple_present+
prorates	prorate	verb:simple_present+
prorated	prorate	verb:simple_past+
prorated	prorate	verb:past_participle+
prorating	prorate	verb:present_participle+
privacy	privacy	noun
pricing	pricing	verb:simple_present+
pricings	pricing	verb:simple_present+
pricinged	pricing	verb:simple_past+
pricinged	pricing	verb:past_participle+
pricinging	pricing	verb:present_participle+
Ph.D.	Ph.D.	noun
pleasure	pleasure	noun
pleasure	pleasure	verb:simple_present+transitive
pleasures	pleasure	verb:simple_present+transitive
pleasured	pleasure	verb:simple_past+transitive
pleasured	pleasure	verb:past_participle+transitive
pleasuring	pleasure	verb:present_participle+transitive
pennies	pennies	noun
Pennsylvania	Pennsylvania	proper noun
pinny	pinny	noun
pair	pair	noun
pairs	pair	noun:plural
pair	pair	verb:simple_present+transitive
pairs	pair	verb:simple_present+transitive
paired	pair	verb:simple_past+transitive
paired	pair	verb:past_participle+transitive
pairing	pair	verb:present_participle+transitive
pairing	pair	verb:present_participle
phalanx	phalanx	noun
phalanxes	phalanx	noun:plural
parachute	parachute	noun
parachute	parachute	verb:simple_present+
parachutes	parachute	verb:simple_present+
parachuted	parachute	verb:simple_past+
parachuted	parachute	verb:past_participle+
parachuting	parachute	verb:present_participle+
punch	punch	noun
punches	punch	noun:plural
punch	punch	verb:simple_present+
punchs	punch	verb:simple_present+
punched	punch	verb:simple_past+
punched	punch	verb:past_participle+
punching	punch	verb:present_participle+
perdition	perdition	noun
polynomial	polynomial	noun
polynomials	polynomial	noun:plural
polynomial	polynomial	adjective
plastic	plastic	noun
plastic	plastic	adjective
polymath	polymath	noun
pyramid	pyramid	noun
pyramids	pyramid	noun:plural
pyramid	pyramid	noun
province	province	noun
prosaic	prosaic	adjective
power-up	power-up	noun
pun	pun	noun
Padua	Padua	proper noun
Palermo	Palermo	proper noun
philadelphia	philadelphia	proper noun
Piedmont	Piedmont	proper noun
pisa	pisa	proper noun
polynesia	polynesia	proper noun
publisher	publisher	noun
publishers	publisher	noun
publish	publish	verb:simple_present+intransitive
publishes	publish	verb:simple_present+intransitive
published	publish	verb:simple_past+intransitive
published	publish	verb:past_participle+intransitive
publishing	publish	verb:present_participle+intransitive
publish	publish	verb:simple_present+transitive
publishs	publish	verb:simple_present+transitive
published	publish	verb:simple_past+transitive
published	publish	verb:past_participle+transitive
publishing	publish	verb:present_participle+transitive
publishing	publish	verb:present_participle
pat	pat	noun
pats	pat	noun:plural
pat	pat	proper noun
pat	pat	verb:simple_present+
pats	pat	verb:simple_present+
???	pat	verb:simple_past+
???	pat	verb:past_participle+
???	pat	verb:present_participle+
pat	pat	noun
popcorn	popcorn	noun
paradise	paradise	noun
paradises	paradise	noun:plural
perennial	perennial	adjective
perennial	perennial	noun
papyrus	papyrus	noun
paraguayan	paraguayan	noun
paraguayan	paraguayan	adjective
palestinian	palestinian	noun
palestinian	palestinian	adjective
Pakistani	Pakistani	proper noun
pole	pole	noun
pianist	pianist	noun
Panamanian	Panamanian	noun
Panamanian	Panamanian	adjective
prescribe	prescribe	verb:simple_present+transitive
prescribes	prescribe	verb:simple_present+transitive
prescribed	prescribe	verb:simple_past+transitive
prescribed	prescribe	verb:past_participle+transitive
prescribing	prescribe	verb:present_participle+transitive
proscribe	proscribe	verb:simple_present+transitive
proscribes	proscribe	verb:simple_present+transitive
proscribed	proscribe	verb:simple_past+transitive
proscribed	proscribe	verb:past_participle+transitive
proscribing	proscribe	verb:present_participle+transitive
probity	probity	noun
parma	parma	proper noun
pavia	pavia	proper noun
Perugia	Perugia	proper noun
Pescara	Pescara	proper noun
piacenza	piacenza	proper noun
pistoia	pistoia	proper noun
Pordenone	Pordenone	proper noun
Potenza	Potenza	proper noun
Prato	Prato	proper noun
Peloponnese	Peloponnese	noun
pascal	pascal	noun
pascals	pascal	noun:plural
parable	parable	noun
pauper	pauper	noun
propolis	propolis	noun
psychiatrist	psychiatrist	noun
photograph	photograph	noun
photographs	photograph	noun:plural
photograph	photograph	verb:simple_present+transitive
photographs	photograph	verb:simple_present+transitive
photographed	photograph	verb:simple_past+transitive
photographed	photograph	verb:past_participle+transitive
photographing	photograph	verb:present_participle+transitive
photographing	photograph	verb:present_participle
pliers	pliers	noun
perfume	perfume	noun
perfume	perfume	verb:simple_present+
perfumes	perfume	verb:simple_present+
perfumed	perfume	verb:simple_past+
perfumed	perfume	verb:past_participle+
perfuming	perfume	verb:present_participle+
prototype	prototype	noun
promo	promo	noun
petrich	petrich	proper noun
pernik	pernik	proper noun
Pazardzhik	Pazardzhik	proper noun
pleven	pleven	proper noun
plovdiv	plovdiv	proper noun
pallbearer	pallbearer	noun
pneumoconiosis	pneumoconiosis	noun
Prague	Prague	proper noun
procrastinate	procrastinate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
procrastinates	procrastinate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
procrastinated	procrastinate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
procrastinated	procrastinate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
procrastinating	procrastinate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
Pashto	Pashto	noun
paralysis	paralysis	noun
permutation	permutation	noun
plover	plover	noun
priestess	priestess	noun
penumbra	penumbra	noun
panacea	panacea	noun
pori	pori	proper noun
panda	panda	noun
pizzicato	pizzicato	adverbe
pizz.	pizz.	noun
progeny	progeny	noun
progenies	progeny	noun:plural
prodigy	prodigy	noun
prodigies	prodigy	noun:plural
pronghorn	pronghorn	noun
pronghorns	pronghorn	noun:plural
Python	Python	proper noun
poisonous	poisonous	adjective
prep	prep	noun
prosecco	prosecco	noun
plan	plan	noun
plans	plan	noun:plural
plan	plan	verb:simple_present+transitive
plans	plan	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	plan	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	plan	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	plan	verb:present_participle+transitive
planning	plan	verb:present_participle
Piraeus	Piraeus	proper noun
parrot	parrot	noun
parrots	parrot	noun:plural
parrot	parrot	verb:simple_present+transitive
parrots	parrot	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	parrot	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	parrot	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	parrot	verb:present_participle+transitive
parakeet	parakeet	noun
parakeets	parakeet	noun:plural
participant	participant	noun
proper	proper	adjective
process	process	noun
processes	process	noun:plural
process	process	verb:simple_present+transitive
processs	process	verb:simple_present+transitive
processed	process	verb:simple_past+transitive
processed	process	verb:past_participle+transitive
processing	process	verb:present_participle+transitive
processing	process	verb:present_participle
process	process	verb:simple_present+intransitive
processs	process	verb:simple_present+intransitive
processed	process	verb:simple_past+intransitive
processed	process	verb:past_participle+intransitive
processing	process	verb:present_participle+intransitive
producer	producer	noun
preferences	preferences	noun
propaganda	propaganda	noun
potato	potato	noun
potatoes	potato	noun:plural
papa	papa	noun
preference	preference	noun
peanut	peanut	noun
peanuts	peanut	noun:plural
pale	pale	adjective
pale	pale	verb:simple_present+
pales	pale	verb:simple_present+
paled	pale	verb:simple_past+
paled	pale	verb:past_participle+
paling	pale	verb:present_participle+
pale	pale	noun
petrol	petrol	noun
petrel	petrel	noun
paw	paw	noun
paws	paw	noun:plural
paw	paw	verb:simple_present+
paws	paw	verb:simple_present+
???	paw	verb:simple_past+
???	paw	verb:past_participle+
???	paw	verb:present_participle+
pause	pause	verb:simple_present+
pauses	pause	verb:simple_present+
paused	pause	verb:simple_past+
paused	pause	verb:past_participle+
pausing	pause	verb:present_participle+
pause	pause	noun
pauses	pause	noun:plural
purge	purge	noun
purge	purge	verb:simple_present+
purges	purge	verb:simple_present+
purged	purge	verb:simple_past+
purged	purge	verb:past_participle+
purging	purge	verb:present_participle+
pentagon	pentagon	noun
pentagons	pentagon	noun:plural
pineapple	pineapple	noun
pineapples	pineapple	noun:plural
porcine	porcine	adjective
pope	pope	noun
popes	pope	noun:plural
pare	pare	verb:simple_present+transitive
pares	pare	verb:simple_present+transitive
pared	pare	verb:simple_past+transitive
pared	pare	verb:past_participle+transitive
paring	pare	verb:present_participle+transitive
pumice	pumice	noun
pestilence	pestilence	noun
prestige	prestige	noun
prawn	prawn	noun
prawns	prawn	noun:plural
peep	peep	verb:simple_present+
peeps	peep	verb:simple_present+
peeped	peep	verb:simple_past+
peeped	peep	verb:past_participle+
peeping	peep	verb:present_participle+
peep	peep	noun
pretty	pretty	adjective
pretty	pretty	adverbe
peculiar	peculiar	adjective
poltergeist	poltergeist	noun
poltergeists	poltergeist	noun:plural
puritan	puritan	proper noun
puritan	puritan	noun
puritan	puritan	adjective
pretext	pretext	noun
pretexts	pretext	noun:plural
poo	poo	noun
poos	poo	noun:plural
poker	poker	noun
puce	puce	noun
puce	puce	adjective
pentium	pentium	noun
pentium	pentium	noun
pepsi	pepsi	noun
pool	pool	noun
pools	pool	noun:plural
pool	pool	verb:simple_present+
pools	pool	verb:simple_present+
pooled	pool	verb:simple_past+
pooled	pool	verb:past_participle+
pooling	pool	verb:present_participle+
pool	pool	verb:simple_present+transitive
pools	pool	verb:simple_present+transitive
pooled	pool	verb:simple_past+transitive
pooled	pool	verb:past_participle+transitive
pooling	pool	verb:present_participle+transitive
pooling	pool	verb:present_participle
pool	pool	verb:simple_present+intransitive
pools	pool	verb:simple_present+intransitive
pooled	pool	verb:simple_past+intransitive
pooled	pool	verb:past_participle+intransitive
pooling	pool	verb:present_participle+intransitive
pirate	pirate	noun
pirates	pirate	noun:plural
pirate	pirate	adjective
putt	putt	noun
putt	putt	verb:simple_present+
putts	putt	verb:simple_present+
putted	putt	verb:simple_past+
putted	putt	verb:past_participle+
putting	putt	verb:present_participle+
putting	putt	verb:present_participle
pabulary	pabulary	adjective
pabulum	pabulum	noun
pachinko	pachinko	noun
paginate	paginate	verb:simple_present+
paginates	paginate	verb:simple_present+
paginated	paginate	verb:simple_past+
paginated	paginate	verb:past_participle+
paginating	paginate	verb:present_participle+
pagination	pagination	noun
pulchritudinous	pulchritudinous	adjective
pater	pater	noun
pater	pater	noun
paters	pater	noun:plural
pater	pater	noun
pudding	pudding	noun
Punjabi	Punjabi	noun
panjabi	panjabi	noun
parenthesis	parenthesis	noun
phenomenon	phenomenon	noun
pons	pons	noun
participate	participate	verb:simple_present+
participates	participate	verb:simple_present+
participated	participate	verb:simple_past+
participated	participate	verb:past_participle+
participating	participate	verb:present_participle+
pattern	pattern	noun
patterns	pattern	noun:plural
pattern	pattern	verb:simple_present+
patterns	pattern	verb:simple_present+
patterned	pattern	verb:simple_past+
patterned	pattern	verb:past_participle+
patterning	pattern	verb:present_participle+
patress	patress	noun
praise	praise	noun
praises	praise	noun:plural
praise	praise	verb:simple_present+
praises	praise	verb:simple_present+
praised	praise	verb:simple_past+
praised	praise	verb:past_participle+
praising	praise	verb:present_participle+
predawn	predawn	noun
placebo	placebo	noun
placebos	placebo	noun:plural
parentheses	parentheses	noun
polytonic	polytonic	adjective
Persia	Persia	proper noun
practical	practical	noun
practical	practical	adjective
passer	passer	noun
per	per	preposition
puso	puso	noun
pyrotechnic	pyrotechnic	noun
pyrophobia	pyrophobia	noun
pyro	pyro	noun
pyros	pyro	noun:plural
Petrograd	Petrograd	proper noun
pintig	pintig	verb:simple_present+
pintigs	pintig	verb:simple_present+
???	pintig	verb:simple_past+
???	pintig	verb:past_participle+
???	pintig	verb:present_participle+
puppy	puppy	noun
puppies	puppy	noun:plural
poke	poke	noun
poke	poke	verb:simple_present+
pokes	poke	verb:simple_present+
poked	poke	verb:simple_past+
poked	poke	verb:past_participle+
poking	poke	verb:present_participle+
pokey	pokey	adjective
pokey	pokey	noun
pokeweed	pokeweed	noun
piglet	piglet	noun
piglets	piglet	noun:plural
penchant	penchant	noun
passion	passion	noun
passions	passion	noun:plural
pash	pash	verb:simple_present+
pashs	pash	verb:simple_present+
pashed	pash	verb:simple_past+
pashed	pash	verb:past_participle+
pashing	pash	verb:present_participle+
portent	portent	noun
pee	pee	noun
pee	pee	noun
pee	pee	verb:simple_present+intransitive
pees	pee	verb:simple_present+intransitive
peed	pee	verb:simple_past+intransitive
peed	pee	verb:past_participle+intransitive
peing	pee	verb:present_participle+intransitive
peg	peg	noun
peg	peg	verb:simple_present+
pegs	peg	verb:simple_present+
???	peg	verb:simple_past+
???	peg	verb:past_participle+
???	peg	verb:present_participle+
pegging	peg	verb:present_participle
portal	portal	noun
portals	portal	noun:plural
pie-eater	pie-eater	noun
pie-eyed	pie-eyed	adjective
pie-faced	pie-faced	adjective
pejorative	pejorative	noun
pejorative	pejorative	adjective
passport	passport	noun
passports	passport	noun:plural
puritanical	puritanical	adjective
powerful	powerful	adjective
pinko	pinko	noun
portcullis	portcullis	noun
Polynesian	Polynesian	adjective
Polynesian	Polynesian	noun
Polynesians	Polynesian	noun:plural
phishing	phishing	verbal noun
playwright	playwright	noun
pollen	pollen	noun
patois	patois	noun
pulse	pulse	noun
pulses	pulse	noun:plural
pepper	pepper	noun
peppers	pepper	noun:plural
pepper	pepper	verb:simple_present+transitive
peppers	pepper	verb:simple_present+transitive
peppered	pepper	verb:simple_past+transitive
peppered	pepper	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	pepper	verb:present_participle+transitive
phage	phage	noun
purr	purr	noun
purrs	purr	noun:plural
purr	purr	verb:simple_present+intransitive
purrs	purr	verb:simple_present+intransitive
purred	purr	verb:simple_past+intransitive
purred	purr	verb:past_participle+intransitive
purring	purr	verb:present_participle+intransitive
presto	presto	adjective
presto	presto	interjection
pointer	pointer	noun
pointers	pointer	noun:plural
pays	pays	verb:simple_present+
payss	pays	verb:simple_present+
paysed	pays	verb:simple_past+
paysed	pays	verb:past_participle+
paysing	pays	verb:present_participle+
pedo	pedo	noun
public	public	adjective
public	public	noun
private	private	adjective
private	private	noun
privates	private	noun:plural
phantasmophobia	phantasmophobia	noun
panoramic	panoramic	adjective
Papago	Papago	proper noun
Papiamento	Papiamento	proper noun
pidgin	pidgin	noun
perambulator	perambulator	noun
perancis	perancis	noun
perancis	perancis	adjective
perancis	perancis	noun
perancis	perancis	adjective
pisang	pisang	noun
pulau	pulau	noun
pulau	pulau	noun
pity	pity	noun
pity	pity	verb:simple_present+transitive
pities	pity	verb:simple_present+transitive
pitied	pity	verb:simple_past+transitive
pitied	pity	verb:past_participle+transitive
pitying	pity	verb:present_participle+transitive
pitying	pity	verb:present_participle
pity	pity	interjection
phenotype	phenotype	noun
pharaoh	pharaoh	noun
piste	piste	noun
plenty	plenty	noun
plenty	plenty	adverbe
plenty	plenty	adjective
parsnip	parsnip	noun
parsnips	parsnip	noun:plural
pink-collar	pink-collar	adjective
pileus	pileus	noun
prescriptive	prescriptive	adjective
pong	pong	verb:simple_present+
pongs	pong	verb:simple_present+
ponged	pong	verb:simple_past+
ponged	pong	verb:past_participle+
ponging	pong	verb:present_participle+
ponging	pong	verb:present_participle
pong	pong	noun
pong	pong	proper noun
pleonasm	pleonasm	noun
pleonasms	pleonasm	noun:plural
politburo	politburo	noun
p.p.	p.p.	noun
p.p.s	p.p.	noun:plural
pissbutt	pissbutt	noun
photo	photo	noun
photos	photo	noun:plural
phytoplankton	phytoplankton	noun
pembunuh	pembunuh	noun
pembunuhan	pembunuhan	noun
plethora	plethora	noun
phish	phish	verb:simple_present+intransitive
phishs	phish	verb:simple_present+intransitive
phished	phish	verb:simple_past+intransitive
phished	phish	verb:past_participle+intransitive
phishing	phish	verb:present_participle+intransitive
phisher	phisher	noun
phishers	phisher	noun:plural
pence	pence	noun
pendant	pendant	noun
pennant	pennant	noun
printer	printer	noun
possibly	possibly	adverbe
possible	possible	adjective
possible	possible	noun
propeller	propeller	noun
propellor	propellor	noun
precipice	precipice	noun
passive	passive	adjective
penetration	penetration	noun
petagram	petagram	noun
picogram	picogram	noun
pedestrian	pedestrian	noun
pedestrians	pedestrian	noun:plural
pedestrian	pedestrian	adjective
pest	pest	noun
pesticide	pesticide	noun
poly	poly	noun
polys	poly	noun:plural
poly	poly	adjective
period	period	interjection
period	period	noun
ponorka	ponorka	noun
panic	panic	noun
panic	panic	verb:simple_present+
panics	panic	verb:simple_present+
???	panic	verb:simple_past+
???	panic	verb:past_participle+
???	panic	verb:present_participle+
panic	panic	noun
parameter	parameter	noun
pane	pane	noun
panes	pane	noun:plural
package	package	noun
package	package	verb:simple_present+
packages	package	verb:simple_present+
packaged	package	verb:simple_past+
packaged	package	verb:past_participle+
packaging	package	verb:present_participle+
psychologist	psychologist	noun
predmestie	predmestie	noun
paxaro	paxaro	noun
puzzle	puzzle	noun
puzzles	puzzle	noun:plural
puzzle	puzzle	verb:simple_present+
puzzles	puzzle	verb:simple_present+
puzzled	puzzle	verb:simple_past+
puzzled	puzzle	verb:past_participle+
puzzling	puzzle	verb:present_participle+
puffed	puffed	adjective
psychology	psychology	noun
pap	pap	noun
pap	pap	verb:simple_present+transitive
paps	pap	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	pap	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	pap	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	pap	verb:present_participle+transitive
paparazzi	paparazzi	noun
piss	piss	noun
piss	piss	verb:simple_present+intransitive
pisss	piss	verb:simple_present+intransitive
pissed	piss	verb:simple_past+intransitive
pissed	piss	verb:past_participle+intransitive
pissing	piss	verb:present_participle+intransitive
piss	piss	verb:simple_present+transitive
pisss	piss	verb:simple_present+transitive
pissed	piss	verb:simple_past+transitive
pissed	piss	verb:past_participle+transitive
pissing	piss	verb:present_participle+transitive
piss	piss	verb:simple_present+
pisss	piss	verb:simple_present+
pissed	piss	verb:simple_past+
pissed	piss	verb:past_participle+
pissing	piss	verb:present_participle+
pissing	piss	verb:present_participle
puppet	puppet	noun
puppets	puppet	noun:plural
puppet	puppet	adjective
prop	prop	noun
props	prop	noun:plural
petasecond	petasecond	noun
provost	provost	noun
Pluto	Pluto	proper noun
palimpsest	palimpsest	noun
palimpsest	palimpsest	verb:simple_present+
palimpsests	palimpsest	verb:simple_present+
palimpsested	palimpsest	verb:simple_past+
palimpsested	palimpsest	verb:past_participle+
palimpsesting	palimpsest	verb:present_participle+
picture-perfect	picture-perfect	adjective
parsec	parsec	noun
parsecs	parsec	noun:plural
peta	peta	noun
punctuation	punctuation	noun
punctuate	punctuate	verb:simple_present+
punctuates	punctuate	verb:simple_present+
punctuated	punctuate	verb:simple_past+
punctuated	punctuate	verb:past_participle+
punctuating	punctuate	verb:present_participle+
pester	pester	verb:simple_present+transitive
pesters	pester	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	pester	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	pester	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	pester	verb:present_participle+transitive
perhaps	perhaps	adverbe
program	program	noun
programs	program	noun:plural
program	program	verb:simple_present+transitive
programs	program	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	program	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	program	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	program	verb:present_participle+transitive
programming	program	verb:present_participle
program	program	noun
programme	programme	noun
programmes	programme	noun:plural
programmer	programmer	noun
patient	patient	adjective
patient	patient	noun
proprietor	proprietor	noun
prst	prst	noun
politically	politically	adverbe
print	print	verb:simple_present+
prints	print	verb:simple_present+
printed	print	verb:simple_past+
printed	print	verb:past_participle+
printing	print	verb:present_participle+
printing	print	verb:present_participle
print	print	noun
porn	porn	noun
pornography	pornography	noun
pornographic	pornographic	adjective
pornographically	pornographically	adverbe
pornographer	pornographer	noun
prophet	prophet	noun
peha	peha	noun
pehy	pehy	noun
pehu	pehu	noun
pieh	pieh	noun
pehe	pehe	noun
pehou	pehou	noun
pehami	pehami	noun
paita	paita	noun
pace	pace	noun
paces	pace	noun:plural
pace	pace	verb:simple_present+
paces	pace	verb:simple_present+
paced	pace	verb:simple_past+
paced	pace	verb:past_participle+
pacing	pace	verb:present_participle+
pace	pace	adjective
padre	padre	noun
padres	padre	noun:plural
pasta	pasta	noun
pavimento	pavimento	noun
piovere	piovere	verb:simple_present+
pioveres	piovere	verb:simple_present+
piovered	piovere	verb:simple_past+
piovered	piovere	verb:past_participle+
piovering	piovere	verb:present_participle+
pro	pro	noun
pros	pro	noun:plural
pro	pro	noun
pros	pro	noun:plural
pro	pro	noun
pros	pro	noun:plural
petard	petard	noun
protein	protein	noun
proteins	protein	noun:plural
pomfret	pomfret	noun
photogenic	photogenic	adjective
Piedmonteis	Piedmonteis	proper noun
prestissimo	prestissimo	adjective
portato	portato	adverbe
pianissimo	pianissimo	adverbe
psychologia	psychologia	noun
psikologia	psikologia	noun
psikologia	psikologia	noun
prude	prude	noun
prudes	prude	noun:plural
phrenology	phrenology	noun
padlock	padlock	noun
padlock	padlock	verb:simple_present+
padlocks	padlock	verb:simple_present+
padlocked	padlock	verb:simple_past+
padlocked	padlock	verb:past_participle+
padlocking	padlock	verb:present_participle+
padlocking	padlock	verb:present_participle
psyche	psyche	noun
Paul	Paul	proper noun
potsherd	potsherd	noun
patron	patron	noun
patrons	patron	noun:plural
pontificate	pontificate	verb:simple_present+
pontificates	pontificate	verb:simple_present+
pontificated	pontificate	verb:simple_past+
pontificated	pontificate	verb:past_participle+
pontificating	pontificate	verb:present_participle+
pelican	pelican	noun
penile	penile	adjective
parsimony	parsimony	noun
palindrome	palindrome	noun
palindromes	palindrome	noun:plural
pogrom	pogrom	noun
pogroms	pogrom	noun:plural
pasty	pasty	adjective
pasty	pasty	noun
pastie	pastie	noun
pastie	pastie	noun
placenta	placenta	noun
placentas	placenta	noun:plural
possessive	possessive	adjective
possessive	possessive	noun
Papua	Papua	proper noun
paleologism	paleologism	noun
petcock	petcock	noun
pariah	pariah	noun
profession	profession	noun
professions	profession	noun:plural
pebble	pebble	noun
pebbles	pebble	noun:plural
pareidolia	pareidolia	noun
pernicious	pernicious	adjective
protest	protest	noun
papal	papal	adjective
pedophilia	pedophilia	noun
paedophilia	paedophilia	noun
palisade	palisade	noun
perineum	perineum	noun
perineal	perineal	adjective
portmantua	portmantua	noun
portmantuas	portmantua	noun:plural
perform	perform	verb:simple_present+
performs	perform	verb:simple_present+
performed	perform	verb:simple_past+
performed	perform	verb:past_participle+
performing	perform	verb:present_participle+
performing	perform	verb:present_participle
performer	performer	noun
performers	performer	noun:plural
pronounce	pronounce	verb:simple_present+
pronounces	pronounce	verb:simple_present+
pronounced	pronounce	verb:simple_past+
pronounced	pronounce	verb:past_participle+
pronouncing	pronounce	verb:present_participle+
palpebra	palpebra	noun
perfervid	perfervid	adjective
pyjamas	pyjamas	noun
position	position	noun
positions	position	noun:plural
position	position	verb:simple_present+
positions	position	verb:simple_present+
positioned	position	verb:simple_past+
positioned	position	verb:past_participle+
positioning	position	verb:present_participle+
positioning	position	verb:present_participle
pick	pick	verb:simple_present+
picks	pick	verb:simple_present+
picked	pick	verb:simple_past+
picked	pick	verb:past_participle+
picking	pick	verb:present_participle+
picking	pick	verb:present_participle
pick	pick	noun
picks	pick	noun:plural
pardon	pardon	noun
pardons	pardon	noun:plural
pardon	pardon	verb:simple_present+
pardons	pardon	verb:simple_present+
pardoned	pardon	verb:simple_past+
pardoned	pardon	verb:past_participle+
pardoning	pardon	verb:present_participle+
pardoning	pardon	verb:present_participle
pardon	pardon	interjection
permeate	permeate	verb:simple_present+
permeates	permeate	verb:simple_present+
permeated	permeate	verb:simple_past+
permeated	permeate	verb:past_participle+
permeating	permeate	verb:present_participle+
penetrate	penetrate	verb:simple_present+
penetrates	penetrate	verb:simple_present+
penetrated	penetrate	verb:simple_past+
penetrated	penetrate	verb:past_participle+
penetrating	penetrate	verb:present_participle+
parity	parity	noun
parody	parody	noun
portion	portion	noun
portions	portion	noun:plural
purpose	purpose	noun
perceive	perceive	verb:simple_present+
perceives	perceive	verb:simple_present+
perceived	perceive	verb:simple_past+
perceived	perceive	verb:past_participle+
perceiving	perceive	verb:present_participle+
premiere	premiere	noun
premieres	premiere	noun:plural
pundit	pundit	noun
pundits	pundit	noun:plural
press	press	noun
press	press	verb:simple_present+
presss	press	verb:simple_present+
pressed	press	verb:simple_past+
pressed	press	verb:past_participle+
pressing	press	verb:present_participle+
Peter	Peter	proper noun
Peter	Peter	proper noun
pancreatitis	pancreatitis	noun
putain	putain	interjection
place	place	noun
places	place	noun:plural
place	place	verb:simple_present+
places	place	verb:simple_present+
placed	place	verb:simple_past+
placed	place	verb:past_participle+
placing	place	verb:present_participle+
parkour	parkour	noun
pronto	pronto	adverbe
pseudopenis	pseudopenis	noun
past	past	noun
past	past	adjective
past	past	adverbe
past	past	preposition
present	present	adjective
present	present	noun
presents	present	noun:plural
present	present	verb:simple_present+transitive
presents	present	verb:simple_present+transitive
presented	present	verb:simple_past+transitive
presented	present	verb:past_participle+transitive
presenting	present	verb:present_participle+transitive
preverb	preverb	noun
preverbs	preverb	noun:plural
postposition	postposition	noun
postpositions	postposition	noun:plural
prion	prion	noun
programmabilities	programmabilities	noun
principle	principle	noun
principles	principle	noun:plural
principle	principle	verb:simple_present+transitive
principles	principle	verb:simple_present+transitive
principled	principle	verb:simple_past+transitive
principled	principle	verb:past_participle+transitive
principling	principle	verb:present_participle+transitive
positive	positive	adjective
positive	positive	noun
positives	positive	noun:plural
polytope	polytope	noun
polytopes	polytope	noun:plural
petrolhead	petrolhead	noun
petrolheads	petrolhead	noun:plural
pisshead	pisshead	noun
pissheads	pisshead	noun:plural
pothead	pothead	noun
potheads	pothead	noun:plural
pile	pile	noun
pile	pile	verb:simple_present+transitive
piles	pile	verb:simple_present+transitive
piled	pile	verb:simple_past+transitive
piled	pile	verb:past_participle+transitive
piling	pile	verb:present_participle+transitive
pack	pack	noun
packs	pack	noun:plural
pack	pack	verb:simple_present+
packs	pack	verb:simple_present+
packed	pack	verb:simple_past+
packed	pack	verb:past_participle+
packing	pack	verb:present_participle+
pack	pack	verb:simple_present+
packs	pack	verb:simple_present+
packed	pack	verb:simple_past+
packed	pack	verb:past_participle+
packing	pack	verb:present_participle+
perv	perv	noun
pervs	perv	noun:plural
pervert	pervert	noun
perverts	pervert	noun:plural
pervert	pervert	verb:simple_present+
perverts	pervert	verb:simple_present+
perverted	pervert	verb:simple_past+
perverted	pervert	verb:past_participle+
perverting	pervert	verb:present_participle+
pervert	pervert	verb:simple_present+
perverts	pervert	verb:simple_present+
perverted	pervert	verb:simple_past+
perverted	pervert	verb:past_participle+
perverting	pervert	verb:present_participle+
parsimonious	parsimonious	adjective
pact	pact	noun
pacts	pact	noun:plural
pad	pad	noun
pads	pad	noun:plural
pad	pad	verb:simple_present+transitive
pads	pad	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	pad	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	pad	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	pad	verb:present_participle+transitive
padding	pad	verb:present_participle
pad	pad	verb:simple_present+intransitive
pads	pad	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	pad	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	pad	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	pad	verb:present_participle+intransitive
page	page	noun
pages	page	noun:plural
page	page	verb:simple_present+transitive
pages	page	verb:simple_present+transitive
paged	page	verb:simple_past+transitive
paged	page	verb:past_participle+transitive
paging	page	verb:present_participle+transitive
painful	painful	adjective
pang	pang	noun
pangs	pang	noun:plural
pang	pang	verb:simple_present+
pangs	pang	verb:simple_present+
panged	pang	verb:simple_past+
panged	pang	verb:past_participle+
panging	pang	verb:present_participle+
pant	pant	noun
pants	pant	noun:plural
pant	pant	verb:simple_present+
pants	pant	verb:simple_present+
panted	pant	verb:simple_past+
panted	pant	verb:past_participle+
panting	pant	verb:present_participle+
panting	pant	verb:present_participle
pant	pant	verb:simple_present+
pants	pant	verb:simple_present+
panted	pant	verb:simple_past+
panted	pant	verb:past_participle+
panting	pant	verb:present_participle+
paternal	paternal	adjective
par	par	preposition
par	par	noun
par	par	verb:simple_present+
pars	par	verb:simple_present+
???	par	verb:simple_past+
???	par	verb:past_participle+
???	par	verb:present_participle+
parch	parch	verb:simple_present+
parchs	parch	verb:simple_present+
parched	parch	verb:simple_past+
parched	parch	verb:past_participle+
parching	parch	verb:present_participle+
parching	parch	verb:present_participle
parch	parch	verb:simple_present+
parchs	parch	verb:simple_present+
parched	parch	verb:simple_past+
parched	parch	verb:past_participle+
parching	parch	verb:present_participle+
parch	parch	noun
park	park	noun
parks	park	noun:plural
park	park	verb:simple_present+transitive
parks	park	verb:simple_present+transitive
parked	park	verb:simple_past+transitive
parked	park	verb:past_participle+transitive
parking	park	verb:present_participle+transitive
parking	park	verb:present_participle
parse	parse	verb:simple_present+
parses	parse	verb:simple_present+
parsed	parse	verb:simple_past+
parsed	parse	verb:past_participle+
parsing	parse	verb:present_participle+
patch	patch	noun
patches	patch	noun:plural
patch	patch	verb:simple_present+transitive
patchs	patch	verb:simple_present+transitive
patched	patch	verb:simple_past+transitive
patched	patch	verb:past_participle+transitive
patching	patch	verb:present_participle+transitive
patching	patch	verb:present_participle
professor	professor	noun
perfidy	perfidy	noun
penitent	penitent	adjective
penitent	penitent	noun
penitents	penitent	noun:plural
penaunt	penaunt	noun
peremptory	peremptory	adjective
performance	performance	noun
performances	performance	noun:plural
polypropylene	polypropylene	noun
permalink	permalink	noun
perpetrator	perpetrator	noun
perpetrators	perpetrator	noun:plural
perp	perp	noun
perps	perp	noun:plural
personal	personal	adjective
personal	personal	noun
personals	personal	noun:plural
perspicacious	perspicacious	adjective
pert	pert	adjective
pert	pert	verb:simple_present+
perts	pert	verb:simple_present+
perted	pert	verb:simple_past+
perted	pert	verb:past_participle+
perting	pert	verb:present_participle+
perverse	perverse	adjective
petty	petty	adjective
phase	phase	noun
phases	phase	noun:plural
phase	phase	verb:simple_present+
phases	phase	verb:simple_present+
phased	phase	verb:simple_past+
phased	phase	verb:past_participle+
phasing	phase	verb:present_participle+
phase	phase	verb:simple_present+
phases	phase	verb:simple_present+
phased	phase	verb:simple_past+
phased	phase	verb:past_participle+
phasing	phase	verb:present_participle+
phial	phial	noun
phials	phial	noun:plural
phial	phial	verb:simple_present+
phials	phial	verb:simple_present+
phialed	phial	verb:simple_past+
phialed	phial	verb:past_participle+
phialing	phial	verb:present_participle+
phialing	phial	verb:present_participle
picayune	picayune	adjective
picayune	picayune	noun
picayunish	picayunish	adjective
pimp	pimp	noun
pimps	pimp	noun:plural
pimp	pimp	verb:simple_present+
pimps	pimp	verb:simple_present+
pimped	pimp	verb:simple_past+
pimped	pimp	verb:past_participle+
pimping	pimp	verb:present_participle+
pimping	pimp	verb:present_participle
pious	pious	adjective
pique	pique	noun
piques	pique	noun:plural
pique	pique	verb:simple_present+
piques	pique	verb:simple_present+
piqued	pique	verb:simple_past+
piqued	pique	verb:past_participle+
piquing	pique	verb:present_participle+
pirouette	pirouette	noun
pirouettes	pirouette	noun:plural
pirouette	pirouette	verb:simple_present+
pirouettes	pirouette	verb:simple_present+
pirouetted	pirouette	verb:simple_past+
pirouetted	pirouette	verb:past_participle+
pirouetting	pirouette	verb:present_participle+
plaid	plaid	adjective
plaid	plaid	noun
phlegm	phlegm	noun
physique	physique	noun
physiques	physique	noun:plural
plaudit	plaudit	noun
plaudits	plaudit	noun:plural
pleat	pleat	noun
pleats	pleat	noun:plural
plait	plait	noun
plaits	plait	noun:plural
plait	plait	verb:simple_present+
plaits	plait	verb:simple_present+
plaited	plait	verb:simple_past+
plaited	plait	verb:past_participle+
plaiting	plait	verb:present_participle+
plaiting	plait	verb:present_participle
pleach	pleach	verb:simple_present+
pleachs	pleach	verb:simple_present+
pleached	pleach	verb:simple_past+
pleached	pleach	verb:past_participle+
pleaching	pleach	verb:present_participle+
pleaching	pleach	verb:present_participle
paladin	paladin	noun
packed	packed	verb:simple_present+
packeds	packed	verb:simple_present+
???	packed	verb:simple_past+
???	packed	verb:past_participle+
???	packed	verb:present_participle+
packed	packed	adjective
pow	pow	interjection
pow	pow	noun
pows	pow	noun:plural
puke	puke	noun
puke	puke	verb:simple_present+intransitive
pukes	puke	verb:simple_present+intransitive
puked	puke	verb:simple_past+intransitive
puked	puke	verb:past_participle+intransitive
puking	puke	verb:present_participle+intransitive
puke	puke	noun
paste	paste	noun
pastes	paste	noun:plural
paste	paste	verb:simple_present+
pastes	paste	verb:simple_present+
pasted	paste	verb:simple_past+
pasted	paste	verb:past_participle+
pasting	paste	verb:present_participle+
part	part	noun
parts	part	noun:plural
part	part	verb:simple_present+
parts	part	verb:simple_present+
parted	part	verb:simple_past+
parted	part	verb:past_participle+
parting	part	verb:present_participle+
parting	part	verb:present_participle
part	part	adjective
part	part	adverbe
pushtu	pushtu	noun
palate	palate	noun
palates	palate	noun:plural
palette	palette	noun
piper	piper	noun
pipers	piper	noun:plural
pigling	pigling	noun
piglings	pigling	noun:plural
purveyor	purveyor	noun
prolific	prolific	adjective
poof	poof	noun
poofs	poof	noun:plural
proclitic	proclitic	noun
paralian	paralian	noun
parapraxis	parapraxis	noun
pasilaly	pasilaly	noun
puisne	puisne	noun
preukaz	preukaz	noun
preacher	preacher	noun
photographer	photographer	noun
perzia	perzia	proper noun
politika	politika	noun
politician	politician	noun
pal	pal	noun
pals	pal	noun:plural
pal	pal	verb:simple_present+
pals	pal	verb:simple_present+
???	pal	verb:simple_past+
???	pal	verb:past_participle+
???	pal	verb:present_participle+
periapsis	periapsis	noun
precede	precede	verb:simple_present+
precedes	precede	verb:simple_present+
preceded	precede	verb:simple_past+
preceded	precede	verb:past_participle+
preceding	precede	verb:present_participle+
Paki	Paki	proper noun
Pakis	Paki	proper noun:plural
pijan	pijan	noun
pokoj	pokoj	noun
porcupine	porcupine	noun
porcupines	porcupine	noun:plural
Pammy	Pammy	proper noun
Pammys	Pammy	proper noun:plural
panoramyk	panoramyk	noun
pate	pate	noun
pates	pate	noun:plural
pate	pate	noun
pates	pate	noun:plural
patronymic	patronymic	noun
patronymics	patronymic	noun:plural
piecemeal	piecemeal	adverbe
piecemeal	piecemeal	adjective
peasen	peasen	noun
perturbate	perturbate	verb:simple_present+transitive
perturbates	perturbate	verb:simple_present+transitive
perturbated	perturbate	verb:simple_past+transitive
perturbated	perturbate	verb:past_participle+transitive
perturbating	perturbate	verb:present_participle+transitive
perturbation	perturbation	noun
propinquity	propinquity	noun
pinta	pinta	noun
pintas	pinta	noun:plural
pastoral	pastoral	adjective
pastoral	pastoral	noun
proselytize	proselytize	verb:simple_present+intransitive
proselytizes	proselytize	verb:simple_present+intransitive
proselytized	proselytize	verb:simple_past+intransitive
proselytized	proselytize	verb:past_participle+intransitive
proselytizing	proselytize	verb:present_participle+intransitive
pork	pork	noun
pork	pork	verb:simple_present+
porks	pork	verb:simple_present+
porked	pork	verb:simple_past+
porked	pork	verb:past_participle+
porking	pork	verb:present_participle+
prostitution	prostitution	noun
proof	proof	noun
proof	proof	adjective
pacarana	pacarana	noun
pacaranas	pacarana	noun:plural
paca	paca	noun
pacas	paca	noun:plural
physiogony	physiogony	noun
plenary	plenary	adjective
puck	puck	noun
pucks	puck	noun:plural
phobia	phobia	noun
phobias	phobia	noun:plural
presentiment	presentiment	noun
presentiments	presentiment	noun:plural
puerperal	puerperal	adjective
professionalism	professionalism	noun
Proto-Indo-European	Proto-Indo-European	proper noun
Proto-Indo-Europeans	Proto-Indo-European	proper noun:plural
Proto-Indo-European	Proto-Indo-European	adjective
phosphorescent	phosphorescent	adjective
p.m.	p.m.	noun
p.m.s	p.m.	noun:plural
p.m.	p.m.	verb:simple_present+
p.m.s	p.m.	verb:simple_present+
p.m.ed	p.m.	verb:simple_past+
p.m.ed	p.m.	verb:past_participle+
p.m.ing	p.m.	verb:present_participle+
p.m.ing	p.m.	verb:present_participle
polyorchidism	polyorchidism	noun
primate	primate	noun
primates	primate	noun:plural
protocol	protocol	noun
prepuce	prepuce	noun
prepuces	prepuce	noun:plural
plosive	plosive	noun
polyandry	polyandry	noun
plantation	plantation	noun
plantations	plantation	noun:plural
Pipola	Pipola	proper noun
pine	pine	noun
pines	pine	noun:plural
pine	pine	verb:simple_present+intransitive
pines	pine	verb:simple_present+intransitive
pined	pine	verb:simple_past+intransitive
pined	pine	verb:past_participle+intransitive
pining	pine	verb:present_participle+intransitive
pyg	pyg	noun
porpoise	porpoise	noun
pouch	pouch	noun
pouches	pouch	noun:plural
parenteral	parenteral	adjective
pocket	pocket	noun
pocket	pocket	verb:simple_present+transitive
pockets	pocket	verb:simple_present+transitive
pocketed	pocket	verb:simple_past+transitive
pocketed	pocket	verb:past_participle+transitive
pocketing	pocket	verb:present_participle+transitive
pocketing	pocket	verb:present_participle
pocket	pocket	adjective
population	population	noun
pres.	pres.	noun
pres.	pres.	verb:simple_present+
pres.s	pres.	verb:simple_present+
pres.ed	pres.	verb:simple_past+
pres.ed	pres.	verb:past_participle+
pres.ing	pres.	verb:present_participle+
pagan	pagan	adjective
pagan	pagan	noun
paganism	paganism	noun
prosit	prosit	interjection
prost	prost	interjection
palatal	palatal	adjective
pharyngeal	pharyngeal	adjective
porciform	porciform	adjective
plenipotentiary	plenipotentiary	noun
plenipotentiary	plenipotentiary	adjective
pere	pere	adjective
pere	pere	noun
purplish	purplish	adjective
playstation	playstation	proper noun
plot	plot	noun
plots	plot	noun:plural
plot	plot	verb:simple_present+transitive
plots	plot	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	plot	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	plot	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	plot	verb:present_participle+transitive
plotting	plot	verb:present_participle
plot	plot	verb:simple_present+intransitive
plots	plot	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	plot	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	plot	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	plot	verb:present_participle+intransitive
photophobia	photophobia	noun
pentagram	pentagram	noun
pomegranate	pomegranate	noun
purse	purse	noun
purses	purse	noun:plural
purse	purse	verb:simple_present+transitive
purses	purse	verb:simple_present+transitive
pursed	purse	verb:simple_past+transitive
pursed	purse	verb:past_participle+transitive
pursing	purse	verb:present_participle+transitive
pettyfogger	pettyfogger	noun
parcel	parcel	noun
parcels	parcel	noun:plural
physical	physical	adjective
physical	physical	noun
pustule	pustule	noun
pustules	pustule	noun:plural
pus	pus	noun
plough	plough	noun
ploughs	plough	noun:plural
plough	plough	proper noun
plough	plough	verb:simple_present+transitive
ploughs	plough	verb:simple_present+transitive
ploughed	plough	verb:simple_past+transitive
ploughed	plough	verb:past_participle+transitive
ploughing	plough	verb:present_participle+transitive
plough	plough	verb:simple_present+intransitive
ploughs	plough	verb:simple_present+intransitive
ploughed	plough	verb:simple_past+intransitive
ploughed	plough	verb:past_participle+intransitive
ploughing	plough	verb:present_participle+intransitive
patrilineal	patrilineal	adjective
puncheon	puncheon	noun
pondus	pondus	noun
patella	patella	noun
patellas	patella	noun:plural
pederasty	pederasty	noun
pederasty	pederasty	adjective
porter	porter	noun
prison	prison	noun
prisons	prison	noun:plural
precipitato	precipitato	adverbe
prolixity	prolixity	noun
prepend	prepend	verb:simple_present+transitive
prepends	prepend	verb:simple_present+transitive
prepended	prepend	verb:simple_past+transitive
prepended	prepend	verb:past_participle+transitive
prepending	prepend	verb:present_participle+transitive
parafoil	parafoil	noun
pilgrimage	pilgrimage	noun
plumber	plumber	noun
plumbing	plumbing	noun
parget	parget	noun
parget	parget	verb:simple_present+
pargets	parget	verb:simple_present+
pargeted	parget	verb:simple_past+
pargeted	parget	verb:past_participle+
pargeting	parget	verb:present_participle+
pargetting	parget	verb:present_participle
petrichor	petrichor	noun
placer	placer	noun
probable	probable	adjective
pala	pala	noun
preterition	preterition	noun
praeterition	praeterition	noun
passional	passional	noun
passional	passional	adjective
precipitate	precipitate	verb:simple_present+transitive
precipitates	precipitate	verb:simple_present+transitive
precipitated	precipitate	verb:simple_past+transitive
precipitated	precipitate	verb:past_participle+transitive
precipitating	precipitate	verb:present_participle+transitive
precipitate	precipitate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
precipitates	precipitate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
precipitated	precipitate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
precipitated	precipitate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
precipitating	precipitate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
property	property	noun
plaquet	plaquet	noun
plaquets	plaquet	noun:plural
pouldron	pouldron	noun
pouldrons	pouldron	noun:plural
pavais	pavais	noun
pavache	pavache	noun
pavaches	pavache	noun:plural
pavisor	pavisor	noun
pavisors	pavisor	noun:plural
pavisade	pavisade	noun
pavisades	pavisade	noun:plural
p.es.	p.es.	noun
p.es.	p.es.	verb:simple_present+
p.es.s	p.es.	verb:simple_present+
p.es.ed	p.es.	verb:simple_past+
p.es.ed	p.es.	verb:past_participle+
p.es.ing	p.es.	verb:present_participle+
poitrinal	poitrinal	noun
pectoral	pectoral	adjective
pectoral	pectoral	noun
pusillanimous	pusillanimous	adjective
pencell	pencell	noun
pencells	pencell	noun:plural
prose	prose	noun
placarder	placarder	noun
partaga	partaga	noun
palaver	palaver	noun
palaver	palaver	verb:simple_present+
palavers	palaver	verb:simple_present+
???	palaver	verb:simple_past+
???	palaver	verb:past_participle+
???	palaver	verb:present_participle+
pertuisan	pertuisan	noun
pertuisans	pertuisan	noun:plural
pump	pump	noun
pumps	pump	noun:plural
pump	pump	verb:simple_present+transitive
pumps	pump	verb:simple_present+transitive
pumped	pump	verb:simple_past+transitive
pumped	pump	verb:past_participle+transitive
pumping	pump	verb:present_participle+transitive
pumping	pump	verb:present_participle
pump	pump	verb:simple_present+intransitive
pumps	pump	verb:simple_present+intransitive
pumped	pump	verb:simple_past+intransitive
pumped	pump	verb:past_participle+intransitive
pumping	pump	verb:present_participle+intransitive
prana	prana	noun
PhyloCode	PhyloCode	noun
preface	preface	noun
pylon	pylon	noun
pampa	pampa	adjective
pingka	pingka	adverbe
purlka	purlka	noun
parka	parka	noun
primer	primer	noun
primers	primer	noun:plural
pulchritude	pulchritude	noun
pennon	pennon	noun
perspicacity	perspicacity	noun
phonetic	phonetic	adjective
phonetic	phonetic	noun
polo	polo	noun
pela	pela	noun
phwoar	phwoar	interjection
principal	principal	adjective
principal	principal	noun
pontoon	pontoon	noun
pontoons	pontoon	noun:plural
pygmy	pygmy	noun
phlegmon	phlegmon	noun
peasant	peasant	noun
peasants	peasant	noun:plural
postcard	postcard	noun
pastor	pastor	noun
prank	prank	noun
prankster	prankster	noun
punari	punari	noun
Pama-Nyungan	Pama-Nyungan	noun
plumbery	plumbery	noun
peccary	peccary	noun
presentation	presentation	noun
pleasant	pleasant	adjective
polite	polite	adjective
parapet	parapet	noun
perk	perk	noun
perk	perk	verb:simple_present+
perks	perk	verb:simple_present+
perked	perk	verb:simple_past+
perked	perk	verb:past_participle+
perking	perk	verb:present_participle+
prime	prime	adjective
prime	prime	noun
primes	prime	noun:plural
prime	prime	verb:simple_present+transitive
primes	prime	verb:simple_present+transitive
primed	prime	verb:simple_past+transitive
primed	prime	verb:past_participle+transitive
priming	prime	verb:present_participle+transitive
phunky	phunky	adjective
possum	possum	noun
pathology	pathology	noun
pathologies	pathology	noun:plural
plumbum	plumbum	noun
practice	practice	noun
practice	practice	verb:simple_present+
practices	practice	verb:simple_present+
practiced	practice	verb:simple_past+
practiced	practice	verb:past_participle+
practicing	practice	verb:present_participle+
prior	prior	preposition
prior	prior	noun
priors	prior	noun:plural
possession	possession	noun
pooh-pooh	pooh-pooh	verb:simple_present+
pooh-poohs	pooh-pooh	verb:simple_present+
pooh-poohed	pooh-pooh	verb:simple_past+
pooh-poohed	pooh-pooh	verb:past_participle+
pooh-poohing	pooh-pooh	verb:present_participle+
Persephone	Persephone	proper noun
pandemic	pandemic	adjective
pandemic	pandemic	noun
panel	panel	noun
panel	panel	verb:simple_present+
panels	panel	verb:simple_present+
paneled	panel	verb:simple_past+
paneled	panel	verb:past_participle+
paneling	panel	verb:present_participle+
panelling	panel	verb:present_participle
paucal	paucal	adjective
plug	plug	noun
plug	plug	verb:simple_present+
plugs	plug	verb:simple_present+
???	plug	verb:simple_past+
???	plug	verb:past_participle+
???	plug	verb:present_participle+
plug	plug	verb:simple_present+transitive
plugs	plug	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	plug	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	plug	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	plug	verb:present_participle+transitive
plugging	plug	verb:present_participle
pottery	pottery	noun
potteries	pottery	noun:plural
paramount	paramount	adjective
paramount	paramount	proper noun
persuade	persuade	verb:simple_present+
persuades	persuade	verb:simple_present+
persuaded	persuade	verb:simple_past+
persuaded	persuade	verb:past_participle+
persuading	persuade	verb:present_participle+
possibility	possibility	noun
privy	privy	noun
privy	privy	adjective
passenger	passenger	noun
passengers	passenger	noun:plural
piggy	piggy	noun
piggies	piggy	noun:plural
pic	pic	noun
puter	puter	noun
parentals	parentals	noun
pilum	pilum	noun
pilum	pilum	noun
pook	pook	noun
pablum	pablum	noun
postie	postie	noun
posties	postie	noun:plural
pussyistic	pussyistic	adjective
pensive	pensive	adjective
phaeton	phaeton	proper noun
phaeton	phaeton	noun
prolly	prolly	adverbe
pongy	pongy	adjective
prosty	prosty	noun
prosty	prosty	adjective
prodigal	prodigal	adjective
prodigal	prodigal	noun
paro	paro	noun
pleasaunce	pleasaunce	noun
poligon	poligon	noun
peril	peril	noun
paragraf	paragraf	noun
poweroid	poweroid	proper noun
parvenu	parvenu	noun
parvenue	parvenue	noun
peewee	peewee	noun
pathos	pathos	noun
peevish	peevish	adjective
passionate	passionate	adjective
paean	paean	noun
palier	palier	adjective
pall	pall	noun
pall	pall	verb:simple_present+
palls	pall	verb:simple_present+
palled	pall	verb:simple_past+
palled	pall	verb:past_participle+
palling	pall	verb:present_participle+
papaw	papaw	noun
pard	pard	noun
parser	parser	noun
pas	pas	noun
paster	paster	noun
pated	pated	adjective
patina	patina	noun
patina	patina	adjective
peaky	peaky	adjective
peal	peal	noun
peals	peal	noun:plural
pelter	pelter	noun
peltry	peltry	noun
pelvic	pelvic	adjective
penna	penna	noun
penner	penner	noun
pep	pep	noun
pew	pew	noun
pews	pew	noun:plural
pewee	pewee	noun
phenol	phenol	noun
phenyl	phenyl	noun
phloem	phloem	noun
phobic	phobic	adjective
phon	phon	noun
phonic	phonic	adjective
phonon	phonon	noun
photon	photon	noun
photons	photon	noun:plural
pica	pica	noun
pica	pica	noun
piked	piked	adjective
piker	piker	noun
pilfer	pilfer	verb:simple_present+
pilfers	pilfer	verb:simple_present+
???	pilfer	verb:simple_past+
???	pilfer	verb:past_participle+
???	pilfer	verb:present_participle+
pinger	pinger	noun
pinner	pinner	noun
pion	pion	noun
pith	pith	noun
pith	pith	verb:simple_present+transitive
piths	pith	verb:simple_present+transitive
pithed	pith	verb:simple_past+transitive
pithed	pith	verb:past_participle+transitive
pithing	pith	verb:present_participle+transitive
pithing	pith	verb:present_participle
pitman	pitman	noun
plasm	plasm	noun
platen	platen	noun
playa	playa	noun
pleura	pleura	noun
plumb	plumb	noun
plumb	plumb	adverbe
plumb	plumb	adjective
plumb	plumb	verb:simple_present+
plumbs	plumb	verb:simple_present+
plumbed	plumb	verb:simple_past+
plumbed	plumb	verb:past_participle+
plumbing	plumb	verb:present_participle+
plushy	plushy	adjective
pluton	pluton	noun
plyer	plyer	noun
podded	podded	adjective
poi	poi	noun
pois	pois	noun
poiser	poiser	noun
pol	pol	noun
poler	poler	noun
poling	poling	noun
poller	poller	noun
pomade	pomade	noun
pomp	pomp	noun
ponce	ponce	noun
ponce	ponce	verb:simple_present+
ponces	ponce	verb:simple_present+
ponced	ponce	verb:simple_past+
ponced	ponce	verb:past_participle+
poncing	ponce	verb:present_participle+
poplin	poplin	noun
popper	popper	noun
posit	posit	verb:simple_present+
posits	posit	verb:simple_present+
???	posit	verb:simple_past+
???	posit	verb:past_participle+
???	posit	verb:present_participle+
posy	posy	noun
preen	preen	verb:simple_present+
preens	preen	verb:simple_present+
preened	preen	verb:simple_past+
preened	preen	verb:past_participle+
preening	preen	verb:present_participle+
prexy	prexy	noun
preyer	preyer	noun
prig	prig	noun
primp	primp	verb:simple_present+
primps	primp	verb:simple_present+
primped	primp	verb:simple_past+
primped	primp	verb:past_participle+
primping	primp	verb:present_participle+
prim	prim	verb:simple_present+
prims	prim	verb:simple_present+
???	prim	verb:simple_past+
???	prim	verb:past_participle+
???	prim	verb:present_participle+
prizer	prizer	noun
propyl	propyl	noun
proser	proser	noun
prow	prow	noun
prower	prower	adjective
puddly	puddly	adjective
pueblo	pueblo	noun
puffin	puffin	noun
pug	pug	noun
punner	punner	noun
punter	punter	noun
pupate	pupate	verb:simple_present+
pupates	pupate	verb:simple_present+
pupated	pupate	verb:simple_past+
pupated	pupate	verb:past_participle+
pupating	pupate	verb:present_participle+
purger	purger	noun
purine	purine	noun
purl	purl	verb:simple_present+
purls	purl	verb:simple_present+
purled	purl	verb:simple_past+
purled	purl	verb:past_participle+
purling	purl	verb:present_participle+
purvey	purvey	verb:simple_present+
purveys	purvey	verb:simple_present+
purveyed	purvey	verb:simple_past+
purveyed	purvey	verb:past_participle+
purveying	purvey	verb:present_participle+
pyrite	pyrite	noun
provoke	provoke	verb:simple_present+transitive
provokes	provoke	verb:simple_present+transitive
provoked	provoke	verb:simple_past+transitive
provoked	provoke	verb:past_participle+transitive
provoking	provoke	verb:present_participle+transitive
pooch	pooch	noun
philosophy	philosophy	noun
punitive	punitive	adjective
preserve	preserve	noun
preserves	preserve	noun:plural
preserve	preserve	verb:simple_present+
preserves	preserve	verb:simple_present+
preserved	preserve	verb:simple_past+
preserved	preserve	verb:past_participle+
preserving	preserve	verb:present_participle+
protect	protect	verb:simple_present+
protects	protect	verb:simple_present+
protected	protect	verb:simple_past+
protected	protect	verb:past_participle+
protecting	protect	verb:present_participle+
protecting	protect	verb:present_participle
prevent	prevent	verb:simple_present+
prevents	prevent	verb:simple_present+
prevented	prevent	verb:simple_past+
prevented	prevent	verb:past_participle+
preventing	prevent	verb:present_participle+
preventing	prevent	verb:present_participle
player	player	adjective
player	player	noun
players	player	noun:plural
playtime	playtime	noun
packer	packer	noun
pallor	pallor	adjective
pappy	pappy	adjective
paragon	paragon	noun
paragons	paragon	noun:plural
paragon	paragon	verb:simple_present+
paragons	paragon	verb:simple_present+
???	paragon	verb:simple_past+
???	paragon	verb:past_participle+
???	paragon	verb:present_participle+
parthenogenesis	parthenogenesis	noun
parthenogenetic	parthenogenetic	adjective
patchy	patchy	adjective
patrician	patrician	noun
patrician	patrician	adjective
patriotic	patriotic	adjective
patriotism	patriotism	noun
partisan	partisan	noun
partisan	partisan	adjective
pastime	pastime	noun
pastime	pastime	verb:simple_present+
pastimes	pastime	verb:simple_present+
pastimed	pastime	verb:simple_past+
pastimed	pastime	verb:past_participle+
pastiming	pastime	verb:present_participle+
pathway	pathway	noun
patrimony	patrimony	noun
pave	pave	verb:simple_present+transitive
paves	pave	verb:simple_present+transitive
paved	pave	verb:simple_past+transitive
paved	pave	verb:past_participle+transitive
paving	pave	verb:present_participle+transitive
paver	paver	noun
payer	payer	noun
peak	peak	noun
pearl	pearl	noun
pearl	pearl	verb:simple_present+
pearls	pearl	verb:simple_present+
pearled	pearl	verb:simple_past+
pearled	pearl	verb:past_participle+
pearling	pearl	verb:present_participle+
pearling	pearl	verb:present_participle
pearl	pearl	adjective
peck	peck	noun
pecks	peck	noun:plural
peck	peck	verb:simple_present+
pecks	peck	verb:simple_present+
pecked	peck	verb:simple_past+
pecked	peck	verb:past_participle+
pecking	peck	verb:present_participle+
pecking	peck	verb:present_participle
peculiarity	peculiarity	noun
pecuniary	pecuniary	adjective
pedantry	pedantry	noun
peek	peek	verb:simple_present+
peeks	peek	verb:simple_present+
peeked	peek	verb:simple_past+
peeked	peek	verb:past_participle+
peeking	peek	verb:present_participle+
peel	peel	noun
peel	peel	verb:simple_present+
peels	peel	verb:simple_present+
peeled	peel	verb:simple_past+
peeled	peel	verb:past_participle+
peeling	peel	verb:present_participle+
pegasus	pegasus	noun
pell-mell	pell-mell	adverbe
pelt	pelt	noun
pelt	pelt	verb:simple_present+
pelts	pelt	verb:simple_present+
pelted	pelt	verb:simple_past+
pelted	pelt	verb:past_participle+
pelting	pelt	verb:present_participle+
pend	pend	noun
perscrutation	perscrutation	noun
perforce	perforce	verb:simple_present+
perforces	perforce	verb:simple_present+
perforced	perforce	verb:simple_past+
perforced	perforce	verb:past_participle+
perforcing	perforce	verb:present_participle+
perforce	perforce	adverbe
peripatetic	peripatetic	noun
peripatetic	peripatetic	adjective
philander	philander	noun
philander	philander	verb:simple_present+
philanders	philander	verb:simple_present+
???	philander	verb:simple_past+
???	philander	verb:past_participle+
???	philander	verb:present_participle+
phlegmatic	phlegmatic	adjective
physiognomy	physiognomy	noun
pice	pice	noun
pipette	pipette	noun
piquet	piquet	noun
plagiarist	plagiarist	noun
planchette	planchette	noun
planner	planner	noun
plaque	plaque	noun
plash	plash	verb:simple_present+
plashs	plash	verb:simple_present+
plashed	plash	verb:simple_past+
plashed	plash	verb:past_participle+
plashing	plash	verb:present_participle+
plasticity	plasticity	noun
plausible	plausible	adjective
playmate	playmate	noun
plight	plight	noun
plight	plight	verb:simple_present+
plights	plight	verb:simple_present+
plighted	plight	verb:simple_past+
plighted	plight	verb:past_participle+
plighting	plight	verb:present_participle+
plunge	plunge	noun
plunge	plunge	verb:simple_present+
plunges	plunge	verb:simple_present+
plunged	plunge	verb:simple_past+
plunged	plunge	verb:past_participle+
plunging	plunge	verb:present_participle+
pollinate	pollinate	verb:simple_present+
pollinates	pollinate	verb:simple_present+
pollinated	pollinate	verb:simple_past+
pollinated	pollinate	verb:past_participle+
pollinating	pollinate	verb:present_participle+
pollinate	pollinate	adjective
porch	porch	noun
portray	portray	verb:simple_present+
portrays	portray	verb:simple_present+
portrayed	portray	verb:simple_past+
portrayed	portray	verb:past_participle+
portraying	portray	verb:present_participle+
portraying	portray	verb:present_participle
potential	potential	noun
potential	potential	adjective
poussette	poussette	noun
poussette	poussette	verb:simple_present+
poussettes	poussette	verb:simple_present+
poussetted	poussette	verb:simple_past+
poussetted	poussette	verb:past_participle+
poussetting	poussette	verb:present_participle+
poverty	poverty	noun
pout	pout	noun
pout	pout	verb:simple_present+
pouts	pout	verb:simple_present+
pouted	pout	verb:simple_past+
pouted	pout	verb:past_participle+
pouting	pout	verb:present_participle+
prate	prate	noun
prate	prate	verb:simple_present+
prates	prate	verb:simple_present+
prated	prate	verb:simple_past+
prated	prate	verb:past_participle+
prating	prate	verb:present_participle+
precipitous	precipitous	adjective
preconceive	preconceive	verb:simple_present+
preconceives	preconceive	verb:simple_present+
preconceived	preconceive	verb:simple_past+
preconceived	preconceive	verb:past_participle+
preconceiving	preconceive	verb:present_participle+
predecease	predecease	noun
predecease	predecease	verb:simple_present+transitive
predeceases	predecease	verb:simple_present+transitive
predeceased	predecease	verb:simple_past+transitive
predeceased	predecease	verb:past_participle+transitive
predeceasing	predecease	verb:present_participle+transitive
predecessor	predecessor	noun
predicament	predicament	noun
premise	premise	noun
premises	premise	noun:plural
prenatal	prenatal	adjective
prevail	prevail	verb:simple_present+
prevails	prevail	verb:simple_present+
prevailed	prevail	verb:simple_past+
prevailed	prevail	verb:past_participle+
prevailing	prevail	verb:present_participle+
prevalence	prevalence	noun
prey	prey	noun
pride	pride	noun
primacy	primacy	adjective
primeval	primeval	adjective
primitive	primitive	noun
primitive	primitive	adjective
priority	priority	noun
priority	priority	adjective
prise	prise	noun
prise	prise	verb:simple_present+
prises	prise	verb:simple_present+
prised	prise	verb:simple_past+
prised	prise	verb:past_participle+
prising	prise	verb:present_participle+
prize	prize	noun
prize	prize	verb:simple_present+
prizes	prize	verb:simple_present+
prized	prize	verb:simple_past+
prized	prize	verb:past_participle+
prizing	prize	verb:present_participle+
proceed	proceed	noun
proceeds	proceed	noun:plural
proceed	proceed	verb:simple_present+
proceeds	proceed	verb:simple_present+
proceeded	proceed	verb:simple_past+
proceeded	proceed	verb:past_participle+
proceeding	proceed	verb:present_participle+
procreative	procreative	adjective
profess	profess	verb:simple_present+
professs	profess	verb:simple_present+
professed	profess	verb:simple_past+
professed	profess	verb:past_participle+
professing	profess	verb:present_participle+
proffer	proffer	noun
proffer	proffer	verb:simple_present+
proffers	proffer	verb:simple_present+
???	proffer	verb:simple_past+
???	proffer	verb:past_participle+
???	proffer	verb:present_participle+
profligate	profligate	noun
profligate	profligate	verb:simple_present+
profligates	profligate	verb:simple_present+
profligated	profligate	verb:simple_past+
profligated	profligate	verb:past_participle+
profligating	profligate	verb:present_participle+
profligate	profligate	adjective
progress	progress	noun
progress	progress	verb:simple_present+intransitive
progresss	progress	verb:simple_present+intransitive
progressed	progress	verb:simple_past+intransitive
progressed	progress	verb:past_participle+intransitive
progressing	progress	verb:present_participle+intransitive
propagate	propagate	verb:simple_present+
propagates	propagate	verb:simple_present+
propagated	propagate	verb:simple_past+
propagated	propagate	verb:past_participle+
propagating	propagate	verb:present_participle+
prophylactic	prophylactic	noun
prophylactic	prophylactic	adjective
prosper	prosper	verb:simple_present+
prospers	prosper	verb:simple_present+
???	prosper	verb:simple_past+
???	prosper	verb:past_participle+
???	prosper	verb:present_participle+
protean	protean	adjective
proud	proud	adjective
provocative	provocative	noun
provocative	provocative	adjective
prurient	prurient	adjective
pry	pry	noun
pry	pry	verb:simple_present+
pries	pry	verb:simple_present+
pried	pry	verb:simple_past+
pried	pry	verb:past_participle+
prying	pry	verb:present_participle+
psalm	psalm	noun
psalm	psalm	verb:simple_present+
psalms	psalm	verb:simple_present+
psalmed	psalm	verb:simple_past+
psalmed	psalm	verb:past_participle+
psalming	psalm	verb:present_participle+
psalming	psalm	verb:present_participle
pugilist	pugilist	noun
punk	punk	noun
punk	punk	adjective
punk	punk	verb:simple_present+
punks	punk	verb:simple_present+
punked	punk	verb:simple_past+
punked	punk	verb:past_participle+
punking	punk	verb:present_participle+
purchase	purchase	noun
purchase	purchase	verb:simple_present+
purchases	purchase	verb:simple_present+
purchased	purchase	verb:simple_past+
purchased	purchase	verb:past_participle+
purchasing	purchase	verb:present_participle+
purlieu	purlieu	noun
purposeful	purposeful	adjective
pliant	pliant	verb:simple_present+
pliants	pliant	verb:simple_present+
plianted	pliant	verb:simple_past+
plianted	pliant	verb:past_participle+
plianting	pliant	verb:present_participle+
profitless	profitless	adjective
pertaining	pertaining	verb:simple_present+
pertainings	pertaining	verb:simple_present+
pertaininged	pertaining	verb:simple_past+
pertaininged	pertaining	verb:past_participle+
pertaininging	pertaining	verb:present_participle+
pertain	pertain	verb:simple_present+intransitive
pertains	pertain	verb:simple_present+intransitive
pertained	pertain	verb:simple_past+intransitive
pertained	pertain	verb:past_participle+intransitive
pertaining	pertain	verb:present_participle+intransitive
proclamation	proclamation	noun
prone	prone	adjective
propanone	propanone	noun
pentameter	pentameter	noun
poetic	poetic	adjective
poem	poem	noun
poets	poets	noun
poetry	poetry	noun
poet	poet	noun
proliferate	proliferate	verb:simple_present+
proliferates	proliferate	verb:simple_present+
proliferated	proliferate	verb:simple_past+
proliferated	proliferate	verb:past_participle+
proliferating	proliferate	verb:present_participle+
practitioner	practitioner	noun
proactive	proactive	adjective
philocrat	philocrat	noun
personalism	personalism	noun
perspectivism	perspectivism	noun
peregrination	peregrination	noun
partay	partay	noun
partays	partay	noun:plural
paddle	paddle	noun
paddle	paddle	verb:simple_present+
paddles	paddle	verb:simple_present+
paddled	paddle	verb:simple_past+
paddled	paddle	verb:past_participle+
paddling	paddle	verb:present_participle+
pinkie	pinkie	noun
pointling	pointling	noun
pushpit	pushpit	noun
pushpits	pushpit	noun:plural
pukka	pukka	adjective
putrid	putrid	adjective
piosity	piosity	noun
pubby	pubby	adjective
pedogenic	pedogenic	noun
padi	padi	noun
propel	propel	verb:simple_present+
propels	propel	verb:simple_present+
???	propel	verb:simple_past+
???	propel	verb:past_participle+
???	propel	verb:present_participle+
pedology	pedology	noun
pedologist	pedologist	noun
podcasting	podcasting	noun
pedon	pedon	noun
physicochemical	physicochemical	adjective
pointless	pointless	adjective
pointless	pointless	adverbe
pointless	pointless	noun
phoney	phoney	noun
phoney	phoney	adjective
pretender	pretender	noun
pathogenicity	pathogenicity	noun
pitchfork	pitchfork	noun
pitchforks	pitchfork	noun:plural
pussy	pussy	noun
pussies	pussy	noun:plural
pussy	pussy	adjective
protrusion	protrusion	noun
protrusions	protrusion	noun:plural
protrude	protrude	noun
permyriad	permyriad	adverbe
purdy	purdy	adjective
pegmatite	pegmatite	noun
procrastinative	procrastinative	adjective
pomace	pomace	noun
plagioclase	plagioclase	noun
peloton	peloton	noun
plutonic	plutonic	adjective
plutonic	plutonic	noun
pantheism	pantheism	noun
pathogenic	pathogenic	adjective
parochial	parochial	adjective
parasite	parasite	noun
priapus	priapus	proper noun
priapus	priapus	noun
priapism	priapism	noun
populace	populace	noun
pec	pec	noun
pecs	pec	noun:plural
petulant	petulant	adjective
paranoid	paranoid	adjective
paranoid	paranoid	noun
perihelion	perihelion	noun
perigee	perigee	noun
piccolo	piccolo	noun
porky	porky	adjective
porky	porky	noun
porkies	porky	noun:plural
periwinkle	periwinkle	noun
periwinkle	periwinkle	adjective
parakeratosis	parakeratosis	noun
procreate	procreate	verb:simple_present+
procreates	procreate	verb:simple_present+
procreated	procreate	verb:simple_past+
procreated	procreate	verb:past_participle+
procreating	procreate	verb:present_participle+
procure	procure	adjective
pantophagy	pantophagy	noun
pinch	pinch	verb:simple_present+
pinchs	pinch	verb:simple_present+
pinched	pinch	verb:simple_past+
pinched	pinch	verb:past_participle+
pinching	pinch	verb:present_participle+
pinch	pinch	noun
pinches	pinch	noun:plural
phat	phat	adjective
pro-ana	pro-ana	noun
pro-mia	pro-mia	noun
patriarch	patriarch	noun
patriarchs	patriarch	noun:plural
phallic	phallic	adjective
pamper	pamper	verb:simple_present+transitive
pampers	pamper	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	pamper	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	pamper	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	pamper	verb:present_participle+transitive
pantheon	pantheon	noun
pantheon	pantheon	proper noun
pivot	pivot	noun
pivots	pivot	noun:plural
pivot	pivot	verb:simple_present+
pivots	pivot	verb:simple_present+
???	pivot	verb:simple_past+
???	pivot	verb:past_participle+
???	pivot	verb:present_participle+
provided	provided	conjonction
provide	provide	verb:simple_present+
provides	provide	verb:simple_present+
provided	provide	verb:simple_past+
provided	provide	verb:past_participle+
providing	provide	verb:present_participle+
placing	placing	noun
partner	partner	noun
partner	partner	verb:simple_present+
partners	partner	verb:simple_present+
???	partner	verb:simple_past+
???	partner	verb:past_participle+
???	partner	verb:present_participle+
platypus	platypus	noun
platypuses	platypus	noun:plural
periphery	periphery	noun
pension	pension	noun
progressive	progressive	adjective
progressive	progressive	noun
progressive	progressive	proper noun
passover	passover	proper noun
pederast	pederast	noun
pederasts	pederast	noun:plural
paederast	paederast	noun
pedophile	pedophile	noun
punire	punire	verb:simple_present+transitive
punires	punire	verb:simple_present+transitive
punired	punire	verb:simple_past+transitive
punired	punire	verb:past_participle+transitive
puniring	punire	verb:present_participle+transitive
prosopagnosia	prosopagnosia	noun
presuppose	presuppose	verb:simple_present+
presupposes	presuppose	verb:simple_present+
presupposed	presuppose	verb:simple_past+
presupposed	presuppose	verb:past_participle+
presupposing	presuppose	verb:present_participle+
police	police	noun
police	police	verb:simple_present+transitive
polices	police	verb:simple_present+transitive
policed	police	verb:simple_past+transitive
policed	police	verb:past_participle+transitive
policing	police	verb:present_participle+transitive
preservation	preservation	noun
productization	productization	noun
popular	popular	adjective
playground	playground	noun
playgrounds	playground	noun:plural
permanent	permanent	adjective
permanent	permanent	noun
probative	probative	adjective
plentiful	plentiful	adjective
polyamory	polyamory	noun
permissible	permissible	adjective
polystyrene	polystyrene	noun
prodigious	prodigious	adjective
proclaim	proclaim	verb:simple_present+
proclaims	proclaim	verb:simple_present+
proclaimed	proclaim	verb:simple_past+
proclaimed	proclaim	verb:past_participle+
proclaiming	proclaim	verb:present_participle+
possess	possess	verb:simple_present+
possesss	possess	verb:simple_present+
possessed	possess	verb:simple_past+
possessed	possess	verb:past_participle+
possessing	possess	verb:present_participle+
pray	pray	verb:simple_present+
prays	pray	verb:simple_present+
prayed	pray	verb:simple_past+
prayed	pray	verb:past_participle+
praying	pray	verb:present_participle+
praying	pray	verb:present_participle
pedestal	pedestal	noun
putative	putative	adjective
putative	putative	adverbe
preceptor	preceptor	noun
prompt	prompt	adjective
prompt	prompt	verb:simple_present+
prompts	prompt	verb:simple_present+
prompted	prompt	verb:simple_past+
prompted	prompt	verb:past_participle+
prompting	prompt	verb:present_participle+
promptly	promptly	adverbe
prompter	prompter	noun
pfuj	pfuj	interjection
psilosopher	psilosopher	noun
polyhistor	polyhistor	noun
pushkush	pushkush	noun
pronounciate	pronounciate	verb:simple_present+
pronounciates	pronounciate	verb:simple_present+
pronounciated	pronounciate	verb:simple_past+
pronounciated	pronounciate	verb:past_participle+
pronounciating	pronounciate	verb:present_participle+
parchment	parchment	noun
pessary	pessary	noun
prognostics	prognostics	noun
paraenesis	paraenesis	noun
pedicel	pedicel	noun
Pyrenees	Pyrenees	proper noun
pikey	pikey	noun
physician	physician	noun
piranha	piranha	noun
protend	protend	verb:simple_present+
protends	protend	verb:simple_present+
protended	protend	verb:simple_past+
protended	protend	verb:past_participle+
protending	protend	verb:present_participle+
practically	practically	adverbe
paedophile	paedophile	noun
paludism	paludism	noun
Pentateuch	Pentateuch	proper noun
placate	placate	verb:simple_present+
placates	placate	verb:simple_present+
placated	placate	verb:simple_past+
placated	placate	verb:past_participle+
placating	placate	verb:present_participle+
pleasing	pleasing	adjective
pacify	pacify	verb:simple_present+transitive
pacifies	pacify	verb:simple_present+transitive
pacified	pacify	verb:simple_past+transitive
pacified	pacify	verb:past_participle+transitive
pacifying	pacify	verb:present_participle+transitive
pacifying	pacify	verb:present_participle
pygmalion	pygmalion	noun
pygmalion	pygmalion	adjective
permease	permease	noun
potatoes	potatoes	noun
pleiotropic	pleiotropic	adjective
potatos	potatos	noun
paludal	paludal	adjective
palustral	palustral	adjective
patronize	patronize	verb:simple_present+
patronizes	patronize	verb:simple_present+
patronized	patronize	verb:simple_past+
patronized	patronize	verb:past_participle+
patronizing	patronize	verb:present_participle+
putsch	putsch	noun
plunder	plunder	verb:simple_present+
plunders	plunder	verb:simple_present+
plundered	plunder	verb:simple_past+
plundered	plunder	verb:past_participle+
plundering	plunder	verb:present_participle+
plundering	plunder	verb:present_participle
peafowl	peafowl	noun
peahen	peahen	noun
physicist	physicist	noun
penury	penury	noun
payee	payee	noun
payees	payee	noun:plural
pasko	pasko	noun
pantocrator	pantocrator	noun
policeman	policeman	noun
policewoman	policewoman	noun
pomelle	pomelle	noun
philosopher	philosopher	noun
penes	penes	noun
pwned	pwned	verb:simple_present+transitive
pwneds	pwned	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	pwned	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	pwned	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	pwned	verb:present_participle+transitive
pizowned	pizowned	verb:simple_present+
pizowneds	pizowned	verb:simple_present+
???	pizowned	verb:simple_past+
???	pizowned	verb:past_participle+
???	pizowned	verb:present_participle+
pizown	pizown	verb:simple_present+
pizowns	pizown	verb:simple_present+
pizowned	pizown	verb:simple_past+
pizowned	pizown	verb:past_participle+
pizowning	pizown	verb:present_participle+
pursue	pursue	verb:simple_present+
pursues	pursue	verb:simple_present+
pursued	pursue	verb:simple_past+
pursued	pursue	verb:past_participle+
pursuing	pursue	verb:present_participle+
Pyongyang	Pyongyang	proper noun
paradox	paradox	noun
paradoxes	paradox	noun:plural
pok-pok	pok-pok	noun
pregnant	pregnant	adjective
ponder	ponder	verb:simple_present+
ponders	ponder	verb:simple_present+
???	ponder	verb:simple_past+
???	ponder	verb:past_participle+
???	ponder	verb:present_participle+
plague	plague	noun
plague	plague	verb:simple_present+transitive
plagues	plague	verb:simple_present+transitive
plagued	plague	verb:simple_past+transitive
plagued	plague	verb:past_participle+transitive
plaguing	plague	verb:present_participle+transitive
postpone	postpone	verb:simple_present+
postpones	postpone	verb:simple_present+
postponed	postpone	verb:simple_past+
postponed	postpone	verb:past_participle+
postponing	postpone	verb:present_participle+
perish	perish	verb:simple_present+
perishs	perish	verb:simple_present+
perished	perish	verb:simple_past+
perished	perish	verb:past_participle+
perishing	perish	verb:present_participle+
puddle	puddle	noun
pillow	pillow	noun
plaster	plaster	noun
plaster	plaster	verb:simple_present+transitive
plasters	plaster	verb:simple_present+transitive
plastered	plaster	verb:simple_past+transitive
plastered	plaster	verb:past_participle+transitive
plastering	plaster	verb:present_participle+transitive
plastering	plaster	verb:present_participle
pram	pram	noun
pram	pram	noun
pluck	pluck	noun
pluck	pluck	verb:simple_present+transitive
plucks	pluck	verb:simple_present+transitive
plucked	pluck	verb:simple_past+transitive
plucked	pluck	verb:past_participle+transitive
plucking	pluck	verb:present_participle+transitive
perilous	perilous	adjective
persona	persona	noun
protection	protection	noun
promise	promise	noun
promises	promise	noun:plural
promise	promise	verb:simple_present+
promises	promise	verb:simple_present+
promised	promise	verb:simple_past+
promised	promise	verb:past_participle+
promising	promise	verb:present_participle+
prescriptivism	prescriptivism	noun
paradiddle	paradiddle	noun
podium	podium	noun
podgy	podgy	adjective
poppy	poppy	noun
poppy	poppy	adjective
pony	pony	noun
prioritize	prioritize	verb:simple_present+transitive
prioritizes	prioritize	verb:simple_present+transitive
prioritized	prioritize	verb:simple_past+transitive
prioritized	prioritize	verb:past_participle+transitive
prioritizing	prioritize	verb:present_participle+transitive
prioritization	prioritization	noun
papist	papist	noun
patricide	patricide	noun
plus	plus	conjonction
plus	plus	noun
pluss	plus	noun:plural
plus	plus	adjective
post	post	noun
post	post	verb:simple_present+
posts	post	verb:simple_present+
posted	post	verb:simple_past+
posted	post	verb:past_participle+
posting	post	verb:present_participle+
posting	post	verb:present_participle
post	post	adverbe
perspicuous	perspicuous	adjective
polyeidism	polyeidism	noun
paddlewheel	paddlewheel	noun
Perseus	Perseus	proper noun
poll	poll	noun
pesto	pesto	noun
pebrero	pebrero	noun
pinball	pinball	noun
Pleuronectiformes	Pleuronectiformes	proper noun
paniq	paniq	noun
paippaaq	paippaaq	noun
pualuuk	pualuuk	noun
prescriptivist	prescriptivist	noun
prescriptivist	prescriptivist	adjective
psoriasis	psoriasis	noun
pairwise	pairwise	adjective
posterior	posterior	adjective
posterior	posterior	noun
pharmacopeia	pharmacopeia	noun
plain	plain	noun
plain	plain	adjective
Pali	Pali	proper noun
prepare	prepare	verb:simple_present+
prepares	prepare	verb:simple_present+
prepared	prepare	verb:simple_past+
prepared	prepare	verb:past_participle+
preparing	prepare	verb:present_participle+
philanthropy	philanthropy	noun
philanthropies	philanthropy	noun:plural
precarious	precarious	adjective
precarious	precarious	adverbe
precarious	precarious	noun
populate	populate	verb:simple_present+
populates	populate	verb:simple_present+
populated	populate	verb:simple_past+
populated	populate	verb:past_participle+
populating	populate	verb:present_participle+
particular	particular	adjective
philanthropist	philanthropist	noun
philanthropic	philanthropic	adjective
philanthropically	philanthropically	adverbe
philanthropical	philanthropical	adjective
posture	posture	noun
posture	posture	verb:simple_present+intransitive
postures	posture	verb:simple_present+intransitive
postured	posture	verb:simple_past+intransitive
postured	posture	verb:past_participle+intransitive
posturing	posture	verb:present_participle+intransitive
permission	permission	noun
philology	philology	noun
plamas	plamas	noun
plamas	plamas	verb:simple_present+
plamass	plamas	verb:simple_present+
???	plamas	verb:simple_past+
???	plamas	verb:past_participle+
???	plamas	verb:present_participle+
pushover	pushover	noun
priory	priory	noun
pentecost	pentecost	proper noun
primogeniture	primogeniture	noun
publication	publication	noun
poetaster	poetaster	noun
Panzerfaust	Panzerfaust	proper noun
Panzerfausts	Panzerfaust	proper noun:plural
parallelogram	parallelogram	noun
parallelograms	parallelogram	noun:plural
particularly	particularly	adverbe
propane	propane	noun
pentane	pentane	noun
penalize	penalize	verb:simple_present+transitive
penalizes	penalize	verb:simple_present+transitive
penalized	penalize	verb:simple_past+transitive
penalized	penalize	verb:past_participle+transitive
penalizing	penalize	verb:present_participle+transitive
pistol	pistol	noun
premium	premium	noun
premium	premium	adjective
poteen	poteen	noun
precocious	precocious	adjective
preternatural	preternatural	adjective
protist	protist	noun
protozoa	protozoa	noun
protoplasm	protoplasm	noun
proportional	proportional	adjective
pulley	pulley	noun
prehistory	prehistory	noun
pommie	pommie	noun
pommie	pommie	adjective
plantain	plantain	noun
poser	poser	noun
parabola	parabola	noun
parabolas	parabola	noun:plural
prosperity	prosperity	noun
phreaker	phreaker	noun
pedwar	pedwar	adjective
prov.	prov.	verb:simple_present+
prov.s	prov.	verb:simple_present+
prov.ed	prov.	verb:simple_past+
prov.ed	prov.	verb:past_participle+
prov.ing	prov.	verb:present_participle+
puerile	puerile	adjective
photoblog	photoblog	noun
promoter	promoter	noun
proposition	proposition	noun
propositions	proposition	noun:plural
proposition	proposition	verb:simple_present+transitive
propositions	proposition	verb:simple_present+transitive
propositioned	proposition	verb:simple_past+transitive
propositioned	proposition	verb:past_participle+transitive
propositioning	proposition	verb:present_participle+transitive
professional	professional	noun
professional	professional	adjective
pelagic	pelagic	adjective
polity	polity	noun
prevarication	prevarication	verb:simple_present+intransitive
prevarications	prevarication	verb:simple_present+intransitive
prevaricationed	prevarication	verb:simple_past+intransitive
prevaricationed	prevarication	verb:past_participle+intransitive
prevaricationing	prevarication	verb:present_participle+intransitive
prevarication	prevarication	noun
prevarications	prevarication	noun:plural
postwhore	postwhore	noun
plush	plush	adjective
plush	plush	noun
prayer	prayer	noun
prayers	prayer	noun:plural
Pollyanna	Pollyanna	proper noun
prophecy	prophecy	noun
prediction	prediction	noun
piffle	piffle	noun
perjury	perjury	noun
perjuries	perjury	noun:plural
pansy	pansy	noun
pansy	pansy	adjective
pelargonium	pelargonium	noun
peony	peony	noun
petunia	petunia	noun
petunia	petunia	adjective
phlox	phlox	noun
poinsettia	poinsettia	noun
poinsettias	poinsettia	noun:plural
primula	primula	noun
polyorchid	polyorchid	adjective
pregnancy	pregnancy	noun
papers	papers	noun
plans	plans	noun
permit	permit	noun
permits	permit	noun:plural
permit	permit	verb:simple_present+
permits	permit	verb:simple_present+
???	permit	verb:simple_past+
???	permit	verb:past_participle+
???	permit	verb:present_participle+
profound	profound	adjective
profound	profound	noun
profound	profound	verb:simple_present+
profounds	profound	verb:simple_present+
profounded	profound	verb:simple_past+
profounded	profound	verb:past_participle+
profounding	profound	verb:present_participle+
perfection	perfection	noun
preferred	preferred	adjective
pounded	pounded	adjective
pepperoni	pepperoni	noun
pepperoni	pepperoni	adjective
pacific	pacific	adjective
proximal	proximal	adjective
prolate	prolate	adjective
purification	purification	noun
prong	prong	noun
painting	painting	noun
painting	painting	verb:simple_present+
paintings	painting	verb:simple_present+
paintinged	painting	verb:simple_past+
paintinged	painting	verb:past_participle+
paintinging	painting	verb:present_participle+
printmaking	printmaking	noun
piles	piles	noun
previous	previous	adjective
pissant	pissant	noun
pissant	pissant	adjective
pixie	pixie	noun
portable	portable	adjective
purulence	purulence	noun
pixel	pixel	noun
pixels	pixel	noun:plural
phatic	phatic	adjective
preignition	preignition	noun
peercast	peercast	verb:simple_present+
peercasts	peercast	verb:simple_present+
peercasted	peercast	verb:simple_past+
peercasted	peercast	verb:past_participle+
peercasting	peercast	verb:present_participle+
phyla	phyla	noun
pagoda	pagoda	noun
patio	patio	noun
peonage	peonage	noun
putrefy	putrefy	verb:simple_present+
putrefies	putrefy	verb:simple_present+
putrefied	putrefy	verb:simple_past+
putrefied	putrefy	verb:past_participle+
putrefying	putrefy	verb:present_participle+
putrefying	putrefy	verb:present_participle
puny	puny	adjective
pre-Adamite	pre-Adamite	noun
premises	premises	noun
personality	personality	noun
personalities	personality	noun:plural
personality	personality	adverbe
paprika	paprika	noun
paprika	paprika	adjective
pluperfect	pluperfect	adjective
preantepenultimate	preantepenultimate	adjective
preantepenultimate	preantepenultimate	noun
preantepenultimates	preantepenultimate	noun:plural
precautious	precautious	adjective
prisoner	prisoner	noun
poseur	poseur	noun
promotion	promotion	noun
plimsoll	plimsoll	noun
plimsolls	plimsoll	noun:plural
pupil	pupil	noun
pupils	pupil	noun:plural
peugeot	peugeot	proper noun
peke	peke	noun
purchiacca	purchiacca	noun
pachyderm	pachyderm	noun
problematic	problematic	adjective
pitchblende	pitchblende	noun
plebeian	plebeian	adjective
plebeian	plebeian	noun
porker	porker	noun
pizzle	pizzle	noun
peruse	peruse	verb:simple_present+
peruses	peruse	verb:simple_present+
perused	peruse	verb:simple_past+
perused	peruse	verb:past_participle+
perusing	peruse	verb:present_participle+
pantomime	pantomime	noun
pantomime	pantomime	verb:simple_present+transitive
pantomimes	pantomime	verb:simple_present+transitive
pantomimed	pantomime	verb:simple_past+transitive
pantomimed	pantomime	verb:past_participle+transitive
pantomiming	pantomime	verb:present_participle+transitive
pallid	pallid	adjective
palsy	palsy	noun
palsies	palsy	noun:plural
printing	printing	noun
parish	parish	noun
protirement	protirement	noun
piglas	piglas	adjective
paham	paham	adverbe
poise	poise	noun
poise	poise	verb:simple_present+
poises	poise	verb:simple_present+
poised	poise	verb:simple_past+
poised	poise	verb:past_participle+
poising	poise	verb:present_participle+
physiology	physiology	noun
penal	penal	adjective
papaverine	papaverine	noun
pulsation	pulsation	noun
patzer	patzer	noun
patzers	patzer	noun:plural
prospective	prospective	adjective
polemic	polemic	noun
production	production	noun
postman	postman	noun
pustino	pustino	noun
phonograph	phonograph	noun
pickle	pickle	noun
pickle	pickle	verb:simple_present+
pickles	pickle	verb:simple_present+
pickled	pickle	verb:simple_past+
pickled	pickle	verb:past_participle+
pickling	pickle	verb:present_participle+
pollination	pollination	noun
pahoehoe	pahoehoe	noun
polka	polka	noun
polka	polka	verb:simple_present+intransitive
polkas	polka	verb:simple_present+intransitive
polkad	polka	verb:simple_past+intransitive
polkad	polka	verb:past_participle+intransitive
polking	polka	verb:present_participle+intransitive
paleontology	paleontology	noun
Pangaea	Pangaea	proper noun
panorama	panorama	noun
paranoia	paranoia	noun
patriot	patriot	noun
patriot	patriot	proper noun
pedagogy	pedagogy	noun
pediatrician	pediatrician	noun
phantasm	phantasm	noun
phantom	phantom	noun
phantom	phantom	proper noun
phantom	phantom	adjective
pharynx	pharynx	noun
pharynxes	pharynx	noun:plural
Phillip	Phillip	proper noun
phoebe	phoebe	noun
phosphorous	phosphorous	adjective
pneumatic	pneumatic	adjective
praxis	praxis	noun
presbyopia	presbyopia	noun
presbyter	presbyter	noun
prophylaxis	prophylaxis	noun
proxy	proxy	noun
proxies	proxy	noun:plural
pterodactyl	pterodactyl	noun
pyrotechnics	pyrotechnics	noun
palanquin	palanquin	noun
pangolin	pangolin	noun
paddy	paddy	noun
paddies	paddy	noun:plural
puma	puma	noun
propagandist	propagandist	noun
propagandists	propagandist	noun:plural
propagandist	propagandist	adjective
pita	pita	noun
places	places	noun
pinochle	pinochle	noun
puukko	puukko	noun
peyote	peyote	noun
pashmak	pashmak	noun
points	points	noun
probably	probably	adverbe
pecan	pecan	noun
pone	pone	noun
plants	plants	noun
plants	plants	verb:simple_present+
plantss	plants	verb:simple_present+
plantsed	plants	verb:simple_past+
plantsed	plants	verb:past_participle+
plantsing	plants	verb:present_participle+
pummarda	pummarda	noun
polyester	polyester	noun
polyester	polyester	adjective
purgatory	purgatory	noun
patibulum	patibulum	noun
polymer	polymer	noun
polyethylene	polyethylene	noun
peacemaker	peacemaker	noun
peacemakers	peacemaker	noun:plural
peacemaker	peacemaker	proper noun
phew	phew	interjection
pufferfish	pufferfish	noun
peachy	peachy	adjective
pervade	pervade	verb:simple_present+
pervades	pervade	verb:simple_present+
pervaded	pervade	verb:simple_past+
pervaded	pervade	verb:past_participle+
pervading	pervade	verb:present_participle+
pertinent	pertinent	adjective
pleb	pleb	noun
plebs	pleb	noun:plural
palatial	palatial	adjective
paleface	paleface	noun
paintbrush	paintbrush	noun
paintbrushes	paintbrush	noun:plural
painter	painter	noun
painters	painter	noun:plural
painter	painter	noun
painters	painter	noun:plural
palingenesis	palingenesis	noun
pendulum	pendulum	noun
psychoactive	psychoactive	adjective
plebe	plebe	noun
perimysium	perimysium	noun
perve	perve	noun
pinkeye	pinkeye	noun
putting	putting	verbal noun
putting	putting	verbal noun
putting	putting	noun
plastered	plastered	adjective
pinata	pinata	noun
paracetamol	paracetamol	noun
podcast	podcast	noun
phagocytosis	phagocytosis	noun
pseudoscience	pseudoscience	noun
prudish	prudish	adjective
propriety	propriety	noun
physiological	physiological	adjective
picturesque	picturesque	adjective
previously	previously	adverbe
primarily	primarily	adverbe
persons	persons	noun
passed	passed	verb:simple_present+
passeds	passed	verb:simple_present+
???	passed	verb:simple_past+
???	passed	verb:past_participle+
???	passed	verb:present_participle+
pisiform	pisiform	adjective
pisiform	pisiform	noun
paki-bashing	paki-bashing	noun
pasture	pasture	noun
pasture	pasture	verb:simple_present+
pastures	pasture	verb:simple_present+
pastured	pasture	verb:simple_past+
pastured	pasture	verb:past_participle+
pasturing	pasture	verb:present_participle+
pov	pov	noun
piperonal	piperonal	noun
preggers	preggers	noun
projectile	projectile	noun
pleasurable	pleasurable	adjective
propose	propose	verb:simple_present+
proposes	propose	verb:simple_present+
proposed	propose	verb:simple_past+
proposed	propose	verb:past_participle+
proposing	propose	verb:present_participle+
pentose	pentose	noun
polysaccharide	polysaccharide	noun
polysaccharides	polysaccharide	noun:plural
polycyclic	polycyclic	adjective
promote	promote	verb:simple_present+transitive
promotes	promote	verb:simple_present+transitive
promoted	promote	verb:simple_past+transitive
promoted	promote	verb:past_participle+transitive
promoting	promote	verb:present_participle+transitive
periodical	periodical	noun
periodical	periodical	adjective
pistoleer	pistoleer	noun
piscine	piscine	adjective
piping	piping	noun
piping	piping	adjective
protegee	protegee	noun
purblind	purblind	adjective
presume	presume	verb:simple_present+
presumes	presume	verb:simple_present+
presumed	presume	verb:simple_past+
presumed	presume	verb:past_participle+
presuming	presume	verb:present_participle+
pastry	pastry	noun
pastries	pastry	noun:plural
patchouli	patchouli	noun
patchwork	patchwork	noun
pastorale	pastorale	noun
pastel	pastel	noun
producers	producers	noun
prominent	prominent	adjective
paltry	paltry	adjective
pyrrole	pyrrole	noun
pyridine	pyridine	noun
pyrimidine	pyrimidine	noun
pyran	pyran	noun
porridge	porridge	noun
prorogue	prorogue	verb:simple_present+transitive
prorogues	prorogue	verb:simple_present+transitive
prorogued	prorogue	verb:simple_past+transitive
prorogued	prorogue	verb:past_participle+transitive
proroguing	prorogue	verb:present_participle+transitive
paresthesia	paresthesia	noun
parkie	parkie	noun
parky	parky	adjective
professed	professed	adjective
plonker	plonker	noun
prat	prat	noun
pratfall	pratfall	noun
pud	pud	noun
pushchair	pushchair	noun
prifysgol	prifysgol	noun
polio	polio	noun
primal	primal	adjective
pigfucker	pigfucker	noun
psychic	psychic	noun
psychic	psychic	adjective
paucity	paucity	adjective
perplex	perplex	verb:simple_present+
perplexs	perplex	verb:simple_present+
perplexed	perplex	verb:simple_past+
perplexed	perplex	verb:past_participle+
perplexing	perplex	verb:present_participle+
perplexity	perplexity	noun
perplexed	perplexed	adjective
perplexing	perplexing	adjective
petal	petal	noun
programming	programming	verb:simple_present+
programmings	programming	verb:simple_present+
programminged	programming	verb:simple_past+
programminged	programming	verb:past_participle+
programminging	programming	verb:present_participle+
programming	programming	noun
prints	prints	noun
purulent	purulent	adjective
persnickety	persnickety	adjective
provo	provo	noun
provo	provo	proper noun
pedaliter	pedaliter	adjective
provides	provides	verb:simple_present+
providess	provides	verb:simple_present+
???	provides	verb:simple_past+
???	provides	verb:past_participle+
???	provides	verb:present_participle+
prunt	prunt	noun
papoose	papoose	noun
pappoose	pappoose	noun
pappooses	pappoose	noun:plural
piss-up	piss-up	noun
priestcraft	priestcraft	noun
pseudopod	pseudopod	noun
pseudopods	pseudopod	noun:plural
phagocyte	phagocyte	noun
pisser	pisser	noun
pisser	pisser	adjective
piddle	piddle	noun
piddle	piddle	verb:simple_present+intransitive
piddles	piddle	verb:simple_present+intransitive
piddled	piddle	verb:simple_past+intransitive
piddled	piddle	verb:past_participle+intransitive
piddling	piddle	verb:present_participle+intransitive
piddle	piddle	verb:simple_present+intransitive
piddles	piddle	verb:simple_present+intransitive
piddled	piddle	verb:simple_past+intransitive
piddled	piddle	verb:past_participle+intransitive
piddling	piddle	verb:present_participle+intransitive
piddling	piddling	adjective
persistent	persistent	adjective
perpetual	perpetual	adjective
preach	preach	verb:simple_present+
preachs	preach	verb:simple_present+
preached	preach	verb:simple_past+
preached	preach	verb:past_participle+
preaching	preach	verb:present_participle+
postmaster	postmaster	noun
poustinia	poustinia	noun
poustinias	poustinia	noun:plural
poustinik	poustinik	noun
psychosis	psychosis	noun
pouffe	pouffe	noun
Popsicle	Popsicle	proper noun
Popsicles	Popsicle	proper noun:plural
paronym	paronym	noun
pompous	pompous	adjective
paraskavedekatriaphobic	paraskavedekatriaphobic	noun
paraskavedekatriaphobic	paraskavedekatriaphobic	adjective
psephology	psephology	noun
Panthera	Panthera	proper noun
pseudohalogen	pseudohalogen	noun
pongo	pongo	proper noun
publicly	publicly	adverbe
Phil	Phil	proper noun
purim	purim	noun
partial	partial	adjective
Philip	Philip	proper noun
protuberance	protuberance	noun
pommel	pommel	noun
pommel	pommel	verb:simple_present+transitive
pommels	pommel	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	pommel	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	pommel	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	pommel	verb:present_participle+transitive
pestle	pestle	noun
pragmatist	pragmatist	noun
pantry	pantry	noun
piety	piety	noun
porphyrin	porphyrin	noun
prokaryote	prokaryote	noun
prokaryota	prokaryota	proper noun
promiscuous	promiscuous	adjective
Plantae	Plantae	proper noun
Protista	Protista	proper noun
pavilion	pavilion	noun
pavilions	pavilion	noun:plural
pavilion	pavilion	verb:simple_present+transitive
pavilions	pavilion	verb:simple_present+transitive
pavilioned	pavilion	verb:simple_past+transitive
pavilioned	pavilion	verb:past_participle+transitive
pavilioning	pavilion	verb:present_participle+transitive
primates	primates	noun
Placentalia	Placentalia	proper noun
personally	personally	adverbe
Plutarch	Plutarch	noun
purity	purity	noun
pally	pally	adjective
Pinnipedia	Pinnipedia	proper noun
Pantherinae	Pantherinae	proper noun
Pterygota	Pterygota	proper noun
Protostomia	Protostomia	proper noun
Ponginae	Ponginae	proper noun
preventing	preventing	verb:simple_present+
preventings	preventing	verb:simple_present+
preventinged	preventing	verb:simple_past+
preventinged	preventing	verb:past_participle+
preventinging	preventing	verb:present_participle+
prevented	prevented	verb:simple_present+
preventeds	prevented	verb:simple_present+
???	prevented	verb:simple_past+
???	prevented	verb:past_participle+
???	prevented	verb:present_participle+
preventable	preventable	adjective
prevention	prevention	noun
pose	pose	verb:simple_present+transitive
poses	pose	verb:simple_present+transitive
posed	pose	verb:simple_past+transitive
posed	pose	verb:past_participle+transitive
posing	pose	verb:present_participle+transitive
pose	pose	verb:simple_present+intransitive
poses	pose	verb:simple_present+intransitive
posed	pose	verb:simple_past+intransitive
posed	pose	verb:past_participle+intransitive
posing	pose	verb:present_participle+intransitive
pose	pose	noun
Prometheus	Prometheus	proper noun
Paleognathae	Paleognathae	proper noun
polysynthetic	polysynthetic	adjective
prefer	prefer	verb:simple_present+transitive
prefers	prefer	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	prefer	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	prefer	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	prefer	verb:present_participle+transitive
precursor	precursor	noun
precurse	precurse	verb:simple_present+transitive
precurses	precurse	verb:simple_present+transitive
precursed	precurse	verb:simple_past+transitive
precursed	precurse	verb:past_participle+transitive
precursing	precurse	verb:present_participle+transitive
precurse	precurse	noun
panphobia	panphobia	noun
panophobia	panophobia	noun
pantophobia	pantophobia	noun
pantaphobia	pantaphobia	noun
prizefighter	prizefighter	noun
proselytism	proselytism	noun
pigsty	pigsty	noun
pigsties	pigsty	noun:plural
punningly	punningly	adverbe
procedure	procedure	noun
procedures	procedure	noun:plural
pontiff	pontiff	noun
phillipp	phillipp	proper noun
poodle	poodle	noun
popemobile	popemobile	proper noun
popularity	popularity	noun
playful	playful	adjective
purposely	purposely	adjective
prehensile	prehensile	adjective
pokie	pokie	noun
pokies	pokie	noun:plural
properly	properly	adverbe
phrasebook	phrasebook	noun
parp	parp	interjection
parp	parp	noun
parps	parp	noun:plural
parp	parp	verb:simple_present+
parps	parp	verb:simple_present+
parped	parp	verb:simple_past+
parped	parp	verb:past_participle+
parping	parp	verb:present_participle+
parping	parp	verb:present_participle
proximity	proximity	noun
Peleus	Peleus	noun
portuo	portuo	noun
pozar	pozar	verb:simple_present+
pozars	pozar	verb:simple_present+
???	pozar	verb:simple_past+
???	pozar	verb:past_participle+
???	pozar	verb:present_participle+
plear	plear	verb:simple_present+
plears	plear	verb:simple_present+
pleared	plear	verb:simple_past+
pleared	plear	verb:past_participle+
plearing	plear	verb:present_participle+
puerulo	puerulo	noun
perforated	perforated	adjective
perforate	perforate	verb:simple_present+
perforates	perforate	verb:simple_present+
perforated	perforate	verb:simple_past+
perforated	perforate	verb:past_participle+
perforating	perforate	verb:present_participle+
poka	poka	adverbe
prenar	prenar	verb:simple_present+
prenars	prenar	verb:simple_present+
???	prenar	verb:simple_past+
???	prenar	verb:past_participle+
???	prenar	verb:present_participle+
parto	parto	noun
prizar	prizar	verb:simple_present+
prizars	prizar	verb:simple_present+
???	prizar	verb:simple_past+
???	prizar	verb:past_participle+
???	prizar	verb:present_participle+
Pan-Slavism	Pan-Slavism	noun
prefecture	prefecture	noun
pawnshop	pawnshop	noun
pawnbroker	pawnbroker	noun
phantasy	phantasy	noun
portar	portar	verb:simple_present+
portars	portar	verb:simple_present+
???	portar	verb:simple_past+
???	portar	verb:past_participle+
???	portar	verb:present_participle+
plano	plano	noun
posibla	posibla	adjective
profunda	profunda	adjective
pomo	pomo	noun
plena	plena	adjective
pixar	pixar	proper noun
philoprogenitive	philoprogenitive	adjective
prelate	prelate	noun
prelacy	prelacy	noun
prelacies	prelacy	noun:plural
produktar	produktar	verb:simple_present+
produktars	produktar	verb:simple_present+
???	produktar	verb:simple_past+
???	produktar	verb:past_participle+
???	produktar	verb:present_participle+
partikulara	partikulara	adjective
projetar	projetar	verb:simple_present+
projetars	projetar	verb:simple_present+
???	projetar	verb:simple_past+
???	projetar	verb:past_participle+
???	projetar	verb:present_participle+
programo	programo	noun
projeto	projeto	noun
penitence	penitence	noun
plorar	plorar	verb:simple_present+
plorars	plorar	verb:simple_present+
???	plorar	verb:simple_past+
???	plorar	verb:past_participle+
???	plorar	verb:present_participle+
prognosticator	prognosticator	noun
pseudoephedrine	pseudoephedrine	noun
pullover	pullover	noun
prefrosh	prefrosh	noun
picaresque	picaresque	adjective
plagiarize	plagiarize	verb:simple_present+
plagiarizes	plagiarize	verb:simple_present+
plagiarized	plagiarize	verb:simple_past+
plagiarized	plagiarize	verb:past_participle+
plagiarizing	plagiarize	verb:present_participle+
palatable	palatable	adjective
palimpect	palimpect	noun
parr	parr	noun
panegyric	panegyric	noun
paroxysm	paroxysm	noun
paroxysms	paroxysm	noun:plural
pancake	pancake	noun
pancakes	pancake	noun:plural
particulate	particulate	noun
particulate	particulate	adjective
Pan-Cake	Pan-Cake	proper noun
presidential	presidential	adjective
Patrick	Patrick	proper noun
purify	purify	verb:simple_present+
purifies	purify	verb:simple_present+
purified	purify	verb:simple_past+
purified	purify	verb:past_participle+
purifying	purify	verb:present_participle+
putrefaction	putrefaction	noun
possibilism	possibilism	noun
propitiate	propitiate	verb:simple_present+transitive
propitiates	propitiate	verb:simple_present+transitive
propitiated	propitiate	verb:simple_past+transitive
propitiated	propitiate	verb:past_participle+transitive
propitiating	propitiate	verb:present_participle+transitive
peann	peann	noun
pinn	pinn	noun
peeps	peeps	noun
peeps	peeps	noun
plurality	plurality	noun
pacifier	pacifier	noun
prohibit	prohibit	verb:simple_present+transitive
prohibits	prohibit	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	prohibit	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	prohibit	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	prohibit	verb:present_participle+transitive
prohibition	prohibition	noun
pingin	pingin	noun
pingine	pingine	noun
punt	punt	noun
puint	puint	noun
pullet	pullet	noun
Parazoa	Parazoa	proper noun
Porifera	Porifera	proper noun
Placozoa	Placozoa	proper noun
pill	pill	noun
pills	pill	noun:plural
prolong	prolong	verb:simple_present+
prolongs	prolong	verb:simple_present+
prolonged	prolong	verb:simple_past+
prolonged	prolong	verb:past_participle+
prolonging	prolong	verb:present_participle+
provocation	provocation	noun
participation	participation	noun
pretentious	pretentious	adjective
pretentious	pretentious	adverbe
pretentious	pretentious	noun
polvo	polvo	noun
pookie	pookie	noun
piquant	piquant	adjective
piquant	piquant	adverbe
piquant	piquant	noun
prestigious	prestigious	adjective
pretension	pretension	noun
personnel	personnel	noun
peoples	peoples	noun
pointing	pointing	verbal noun
pointing	pointing	noun
partly	partly	adverbe
prosperous	prosperous	adjective
prosperous	prosperous	adverbe
prosperous	prosperous	noun
probe	probe	noun
probe	probe	verb:simple_present+transitive
probes	probe	verb:simple_present+transitive
probed	probe	verb:simple_past+transitive
probed	probe	verb:past_participle+transitive
probing	probe	verb:present_participle+transitive
probe	probe	proper noun
protuberant	protuberant	adjective
patience	patience	noun
profitable	profitable	adjective
persuasion	persuasion	noun
physiotherapist	physiotherapist	noun
pistol-whip	pistol-whip	verb:simple_present+transitive
pistol-whips	pistol-whip	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	pistol-whip	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	pistol-whip	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	pistol-whip	verb:present_participle+transitive
pistol-whipping	pistol-whip	verb:present_participle
poster	poster	noun
posters	poster	noun:plural
phrontistery	phrontistery	noun
papo	papo	noun
parley	parley	noun
parley	parley	verb:simple_present+
parleys	parley	verb:simple_present+
parleyed	parley	verb:simple_past+
parleyed	parley	verb:past_participle+
parleying	parley	verb:present_participle+
parsons	parsons	proper noun
parson	parson	noun
photocopier	photocopier	noun
pressurize	pressurize	verb:simple_present+
pressurizes	pressurize	verb:simple_present+
pressurized	pressurize	verb:simple_past+
pressurized	pressurize	verb:past_participle+
pressurizing	pressurize	verb:present_participle+
Poseidon	Poseidon	proper noun
parking	parking	noun
perfectly	perfectly	adverbe
purdah	purdah	noun
partially	partially	adverbe
perfin	perfin	noun
painstaking	painstaking	adjective
peninsula	peninsula	noun
persist	persist	verb:simple_present+
persists	persist	verb:simple_present+
persisted	persist	verb:simple_past+
persisted	persist	verb:past_participle+
persisting	persist	verb:present_participle+
purgative	purgative	adjective
purgative	purgative	noun
petition	petition	noun
petitions	petition	noun:plural
petition	petition	verb:simple_present+transitive
petitions	petition	verb:simple_present+transitive
petitioned	petition	verb:simple_past+transitive
petitioned	petition	verb:past_participle+transitive
petitioning	petition	verb:present_participle+transitive
petitioning	petition	verb:present_participle
plume	plume	noun
plumes	plume	noun:plural
plume	plume	verb:simple_present+transitive
plumes	plume	verb:simple_present+transitive
plumed	plume	verb:simple_past+transitive
plumed	plume	verb:past_participle+transitive
pluming	plume	verb:present_participle+transitive
projection	projection	noun
projections	projection	noun:plural
purloin	purloin	verb:simple_present+
purloins	purloin	verb:simple_present+
purloined	purloin	verb:simple_past+
purloined	purloin	verb:past_participle+
purloining	purloin	verb:present_participle+
playback	playback	noun
psalmwriter	psalmwriter	noun
psalms	psalms	proper noun
proposal	proposal	noun
periodic	periodic	adjective
pete	pete	proper noun
potion	potion	noun
potions	potion	noun:plural
puissant	puissant	adjective
pyretic	pyretic	adjective
pili-pala	pili-pala	noun
presidents	presidents	noun
passes	passes	noun
passes	passes	verb:simple_present+
passess	passes	verb:simple_present+
???	passes	verb:simple_past+
???	passes	verb:past_participle+
???	passes	verb:present_participle+
paragoge	paragoge	noun
provision	provision	noun
provisions	provision	noun:plural
picaninny	picaninny	noun
picaninnies	picaninny	noun:plural
pickney	pickney	noun
pickneys	pickney	noun:plural
peccadillo	peccadillo	noun
puissance	puissance	noun
potentate	potentate	noun
politeness	politeness	noun
piston	piston	noun
pycnocline	pycnocline	noun
pettifogger	pettifogger	noun
prefect	prefect	noun
prefects	prefect	noun:plural
paramour	paramour	noun
purport	purport	verb:simple_present+
purports	purport	verb:simple_present+
purported	purport	verb:simple_past+
purported	purport	verb:past_participle+
purporting	purport	verb:present_participle+
purport	purport	noun
prez	prez	noun
potasiwm	potasiwm	noun
potasio	potasio	noun
propone	propone	verb:simple_present+transitive
propones	propone	verb:simple_present+transitive
proponed	propone	verb:simple_past+transitive
proponed	propone	verb:past_participle+transitive
proponing	propone	verb:present_participle+transitive
proponent	proponent	noun
potasioa	potasioa	noun
potasiom	potasiom	noun
potaisiam	potaisiam	noun
potaisiam	potaisiam	noun
potassjum	potassjum	noun
potashum	potashum	noun
prestidigitator	prestidigitator	noun
prestidigitators	prestidigitator	noun:plural
progenitiveness	progenitiveness	noun
progenitiveness	progenitiveness	adjective
progenitive	progenitive	adjective
preterite	preterite	adjective
preterite	preterite	noun
peroneal	peroneal	adjective
philalethia	philalethia	noun
pestilent	pestilent	adjective
parental	parental	adjective
pike	pike	noun
perambulate	perambulate	verb:simple_present+
perambulates	perambulate	verb:simple_present+
perambulated	perambulate	verb:simple_past+
perambulated	perambulate	verb:past_participle+
perambulating	perambulate	verb:present_participle+
protoscience	protoscience	noun
propraetor	propraetor	noun
pyrrhic	pyrrhic	adjective
pyrrhic	pyrrhic	noun
pyrrhic	pyrrhic	adjective
protective	protective	adjective
protective	protective	noun
picnic	picnic	noun
prang	prang	noun
prang	prang	verb:simple_present+
prangs	prang	verb:simple_present+
pranged	prang	verb:simple_past+
pranged	prang	verb:past_participle+
pranging	prang	verb:present_participle+
polyzoa	polyzoa	noun
polyzoon	polyzoon	noun
polyzoan	polyzoan	adjective
polyzoan	polyzoan	noun
polyzoans	polyzoan	noun:plural
polyzoary	polyzoary	noun
polyzoaries	polyzoary	noun:plural
polyzoarium	polyzoarium	noun
polyzoaria	polyzoaria	noun
polyzoic	polyzoic	adjective
pathogen	pathogen	noun
pathogens	pathogen	noun:plural
prejudice	prejudice	noun
prejudice	prejudice	verb:simple_present+transitive
prejudices	prejudice	verb:simple_present+transitive
prejudiced	prejudice	verb:simple_past+transitive
prejudiced	prejudice	verb:past_participle+transitive
prejudicing	prejudice	verb:present_participle+transitive
p.c.	p.c.	proper noun
p.c.	p.c.	noun
p.c.	p.c.	noun
pigging	pigging	noun
pigging	pigging	adjective
peaceful	peaceful	adjective
profane	profane	adjective
profane	profane	verb:simple_present+transitive
profanes	profane	verb:simple_present+transitive
profaned	profane	verb:simple_past+transitive
profaned	profane	verb:past_participle+transitive
profaning	profane	verb:present_participle+transitive
pietism	pietism	noun
parliamentary	parliamentary	adjective
psephologist	psephologist	noun
precious	precious	adjective
precious	precious	noun
precious	precious	adverbe
primo	primo	noun
primos	primo	noun:plural
primo	primo	adjective
prima	prima	adjective
predict	predict	verb:simple_present+
predicts	predict	verb:simple_present+
predicted	predict	verb:simple_past+
predicted	predict	verb:past_participle+
predicting	predict	verb:present_participle+
paysite	paysite	noun
propitious	propitious	adjective
perchance	perchance	adverbe
petit	petit	adjective
perspire	perspire	verb:simple_present+
perspires	perspire	verb:simple_present+
perspired	perspire	verb:simple_past+
perspired	perspire	verb:past_participle+
perspiring	perspire	verb:present_participle+
perspiration	perspiration	noun
petite	petite	adjective
peddle	peddle	verb:simple_present+
peddles	peddle	verb:simple_present+
peddled	peddle	verb:simple_past+
peddled	peddle	verb:past_participle+
peddling	peddle	verb:present_participle+
paraphilia	paraphilia	noun
pyrolysis	pyrolysis	noun
planetoid	planetoid	noun
provincial	provincial	adjective
provincial	provincial	noun
polis	polis	noun
popularise	popularise	verb:simple_present+transitive
popularises	popularise	verb:simple_present+transitive
popularised	popularise	verb:simple_past+transitive
popularised	popularise	verb:past_participle+transitive
popularising	popularise	verb:present_participle+transitive
periaktoi	periaktoi	noun
peekaboo	peekaboo	noun
peekaboo	peekaboo	adjective
preparation	preparation	noun
penurious	penurious	adjective
parlous	parlous	adjective
promethean	promethean	adjective
promethean	promethean	noun
pubic	pubic	adjective
pubis	pubis	noun
pubes	pubes	noun
palmate	palmate	adjective
polyethene	polyethene	noun
picky	picky	adjective
penicillin	penicillin	noun
publisher	publisher	noun
publishers	publisher	noun:plural
propensity	propensity	noun
platitudinously	platitudinously	adverbe
polyunsaturated	polyunsaturated	adjective
pharmaceutical	pharmaceutical	adjective
pharmaceutical	pharmaceutical	noun
pellucid	pellucid	adjective
proteinuria	proteinuria	noun
pedigree	pedigree	noun
pasteurise	pasteurise	verb:simple_present+transitive
pasteurises	pasteurise	verb:simple_present+transitive
pasteurised	pasteurise	verb:simple_past+transitive
pasteurised	pasteurise	verb:past_participle+transitive
pasteurising	pasteurise	verb:present_participle+transitive
phan	phan	noun
propound	propound	verb:simple_present+
propounds	propound	verb:simple_present+
propounded	propound	verb:simple_past+
propounded	propound	verb:past_participle+
propounding	propound	verb:present_participle+
portrait	portrait	noun
portraits	portrait	noun:plural
precisely	precisely	adverbe
pricker	pricker	noun
prickers	pricker	noun:plural
polyterpene	polyterpene	noun
postal	postal	adjective
papaphobia	papaphobia	noun
papaphilia	papaphilia	noun
pandaemonium	pandaemonium	noun
pandemonium	pandemonium	noun
prelapsarian	prelapsarian	adjective
polytropic	polytropic	adjective
prevaricate	prevaricate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
prevaricates	prevaricate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
prevaricated	prevaricate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
prevaricated	prevaricate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
prevaricating	prevaricate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
pyrophoric	pyrophoric	adjective
prussiate	prussiate	noun
profanation	profanation	noun
papacy	papacy	noun
popish	popish	adjective
photographic	photographic	adjective
printout	printout	noun
printouts	printout	noun:plural
personification	personification	noun
prosopopeia	prosopopeia	noun
photosensitive	photosensitive	adjective
photosynthesis	photosynthesis	noun
piercing	piercing	verbal noun
piercing	piercing	noun
piercings	piercing	noun:plural
piercing	piercing	adjective
paragraphs	paragraphs	noun
parisian	parisian	noun
parisian	parisian	adjective
panache	panache	noun
philosophical	philosophical	adjective
polarimeter	polarimeter	noun
perdurable	perdurable	adjective
perdurably	perdurably	adverbe
perdurability	perdurability	noun
psychrometric	psychrometric	adjective
psychrometry	psychrometry	noun
phosphate	phosphate	noun
portentous	portentous	adjective
praiseworthy	praiseworthy	adjective
paripinnate	paripinnate	adjective
pierce	pierce	verb:simple_present+transitive
pierces	pierce	verb:simple_present+transitive
pierced	pierce	verb:simple_past+transitive
pierced	pierce	verb:past_participle+transitive
piercing	pierce	verb:present_participle+transitive
puncture	puncture	verb:simple_present+transitive
punctures	puncture	verb:simple_present+transitive
punctured	puncture	verb:simple_past+transitive
punctured	puncture	verb:past_participle+transitive
puncturing	puncture	verb:present_participle+transitive
puncture	puncture	noun
purely	purely	adverbe
Pilipinas	Pilipinas	proper noun
pix	pix	noun
parakeets	parakeets	noun
pavonine	pavonine	adjective
pavonine	pavonine	noun
patent	patent	noun
patents	patent	noun:plural
patent	patent	adjective
polymerase	polymerase	noun
perse	perse	noun
perse	perse	adjective
pingas	pingas	noun
palpate	palpate	verb:simple_present+
palpates	palpate	verb:simple_present+
palpated	palpate	verb:simple_past+
palpated	palpate	verb:past_participle+
palpating	palpate	verb:present_participle+
palp	palp	noun
pedal	pedal	noun
pedal	pedal	adjective
pedicellariae	pedicellariae	noun
pyrogenic	pyrogenic	adjective
pyrogenous	pyrogenous	adjective
pyrolyse	pyrolyse	verb:simple_present+
pyrolyses	pyrolyse	verb:simple_present+
pyrolysed	pyrolyse	verb:simple_past+
pyrolysed	pyrolyse	verb:past_participle+
pyrolysing	pyrolyse	verb:present_participle+
pyrolytic	pyrolytic	adjective
pyromania	pyromania	noun
pyromaniac	pyromaniac	noun
pyrometer	pyrometer	noun
pyrometric	pyrometric	adjective
pyrometry	pyrometry	noun
pyrophore	pyrophore	noun
pyrophorus	pyrophorus	noun
pyrotechny	pyrotechny	noun
pyroclastic	pyroclastic	adjective
plantigrade	plantigrade	adjective
plantigrade	plantigrade	noun
pictogram	pictogram	noun
peeve	peeve	noun
peeve	peeve	verb:simple_present+transitive
peeves	peeve	verb:simple_present+transitive
peeved	peeve	verb:simple_past+transitive
peeved	peeve	verb:past_participle+transitive
peeving	peeve	verb:present_participle+transitive
privilege	privilege	noun
privilege	privilege	verb:simple_present+
privileges	privilege	verb:simple_present+
privileged	privilege	verb:simple_past+
privileged	privilege	verb:past_participle+
privileging	privilege	verb:present_participle+
proclivity	proclivity	noun
percolate	percolate	verb:simple_present+
percolates	percolate	verb:simple_present+
percolated	percolate	verb:simple_past+
percolated	percolate	verb:past_participle+
percolating	percolate	verb:present_participle+
percolate	percolate	noun
pyracanth	pyracanth	noun
Pyracantha	Pyracantha	proper noun
percussive	percussive	adjective
pyrex	pyrex	noun
pyrheliometer	pyrheliometer	noun
pyrites	pyrites	noun
pyritic	pyritic	adjective
peeler	peeler	noun
peelers	peeler	noun:plural
peeler	peeler	noun
peelers	peeler	noun:plural
planogram	planogram	noun
pentode	pentode	noun
paraffin	paraffin	noun
perquisite	perquisite	noun
pipeline	pipeline	noun
pipeline	pipeline	verb:simple_present+transitive
pipelines	pipeline	verb:simple_present+transitive
pipelined	pipeline	verb:simple_past+transitive
pipelined	pipeline	verb:past_participle+transitive
pipelining	pipeline	verb:present_participle+transitive
pent-up	pent-up	adjective
plebiscite	plebiscite	noun
palliate	palliate	verb:simple_present+transitive
palliates	palliate	verb:simple_present+transitive
palliated	palliate	verb:simple_past+transitive
palliated	palliate	verb:past_participle+transitive
palliating	palliate	verb:present_participle+transitive
pronounceable	pronounceable	adjective
proscenium	proscenium	noun
portend	portend	verb:simple_present+transitive
portends	portend	verb:simple_present+transitive
portended	portend	verb:simple_past+transitive
portended	portend	verb:past_participle+transitive
portending	portend	verb:present_participle+transitive
persiflage	persiflage	noun
pertinacious	pertinacious	adjective
plangent	plangent	adjective
platitude	platitude	noun
paraphrase	paraphrase	noun
paraphrase	paraphrase	verb:simple_present+
paraphrases	paraphrase	verb:simple_present+
paraphrased	paraphrase	verb:simple_past+
paraphrased	paraphrase	verb:past_participle+
paraphrasing	paraphrase	verb:present_participle+
preservative	preservative	noun
preservative	preservative	adjective
pilose	pilose	adjective
Phanerozoic	Phanerozoic	adjective
Phanerozoic	Phanerozoic	noun
Proterozoic	Proterozoic	adjective
Proterozoic	Proterozoic	noun
Paleozoic	Paleozoic	adjective
Paleozoic	Paleozoic	noun
Paleoproterozoic	Paleoproterozoic	adjective
Paleoproterozoic	Paleoproterozoic	noun
Paleoarchean	Paleoarchean	adjective
Paleoarchean	Paleoarchean	noun
Paleogene	Paleogene	adjective
Paleogene	Paleogene	noun
Permian	Permian	adjective
Permian	Permian	noun
Pleistocene	Pleistocene	adjective
Pleistocene	Pleistocene	noun
Pliocene	Pliocene	adjective
Pliocene	Pliocene	noun
Paleocene	Paleocene	adjective
Paleocene	Paleocene	noun
Pridoli	Pridoli	adjective
Pridoli	Pridoli	noun
polling	polling	verbal noun
poignant	poignant	adjective
placeman	placeman	noun
pixilated	pixilated	adjective
proliferation	proliferation	noun
procreation	procreation	noun
premeditated	premeditated	adjective
precession	precession	noun
Plato	Plato	proper noun
painted	painted	verb:simple_present+
painteds	painted	verb:simple_present+
???	painted	verb:simple_past+
???	painted	verb:past_participle+
???	painted	verb:present_participle+
Proboscidea	Proboscidea	proper noun
pago	pago	noun
pseudorandom	pseudorandom	adjective
plummet	plummet	verb:simple_present+
plummets	plummet	verb:simple_present+
plummeted	plummet	verb:simple_past+
plummeted	plummet	verb:past_participle+
plummeting	plummet	verb:present_participle+
plummeting	plummet	verb:present_participle
personable	personable	adjective
pentoxide	pentoxide	noun
peroxide	peroxide	noun
peroxide	peroxide	verb:simple_present+transitive
peroxides	peroxide	verb:simple_present+transitive
peroxided	peroxide	verb:simple_past+transitive
peroxided	peroxide	verb:past_participle+transitive
peroxiding	peroxide	verb:present_participle+transitive
pubbing	pubbing	noun
punning	punning	verbal noun
punning	punning	adjective
prothesis	prothesis	noun
polymerize	polymerize	verb:simple_present+
polymerizes	polymerize	verb:simple_present+
polymerized	polymerize	verb:simple_past+
polymerized	polymerize	verb:past_participle+
polymerizing	polymerize	verb:present_participle+
polymerization	polymerization	noun
perchlorate	perchlorate	noun
permanganate	permanganate	noun
phosphite	phosphite	noun
pentavalent	pentavalent	adjective
protozoology	protozoology	noun
pathetic	pathetic	adjective
prosy	prosy	adjective
peckish	peckish	adjective
performant	performant	adjective
pithy	pithy	adjective
plasmolyte	plasmolyte	noun
plasmolytes	plasmolyte	noun:plural
plasmolytes	plasmolytes	noun
portico	portico	noun
polyhymnia	polyhymnia	proper noun
puberty	puberty	noun
puberulent	puberulent	proper noun
pubescent	pubescent	noun
prewar	prewar	adjective
premonitory	premonitory	adjective
premunition	premunition	noun
preprandial	preprandial	adjective
preamble	preamble	noun
picked	picked	verb:simple_present+
pickeds	picked	verb:simple_present+
???	picked	verb:simple_past+
???	picked	verb:past_participle+
???	picked	verb:present_participle+
pioneer	pioneer	noun
pioneers	pioneer	noun:plural
pioneer	pioneer	verb:simple_present+
pioneers	pioneer	verb:simple_present+
pioneered	pioneer	verb:simple_past+
pioneered	pioneer	verb:past_participle+
pioneering	pioneer	verb:present_participle+
pedagogue	pedagogue	noun
pier	pier	noun
pliable	pliable	adjective
presence	presence	noun
pounce	pounce	verb:simple_present+intransitive
pounces	pounce	verb:simple_present+intransitive
pounced	pounce	verb:simple_past+intransitive
pounced	pounce	verb:past_participle+intransitive
pouncing	pounce	verb:present_participle+intransitive
precatory	precatory	adjective
philatelist	philatelist	noun
pseudoscope	pseudoscope	noun
partition	partition	noun
partition	partition	verb:simple_present+transitive
partitions	partition	verb:simple_present+transitive
partitioned	partition	verb:simple_past+transitive
partitioned	partition	verb:past_participle+transitive
partitioning	partition	verb:present_participle+transitive
pepi	pepi	noun
pohlavie	pohlavie	noun
phaneromania	phaneromania	noun
philatelic	philatelic	adjective
predator	predator	noun
Pitcairnese	Pitcairnese	adjective
Pitcairnese	Pitcairnese	proper noun
Pitkern	Pitkern	proper noun
photographs	photographs	noun
potentially	potentially	adverbe
paramedic	paramedic	noun
pandit	pandit	noun
predictable	predictable	adjective
propylene	propylene	noun
propene	propene	noun
paratrooper	paratrooper	noun
pointers	pointers	noun
prefatory	prefatory	adjective
planes	planes	noun
priestly	priestly	adjective
ports	ports	noun
privateer	privateer	noun
predilection	predilection	noun
postmodern	postmodern	adjective
postmodernism	postmodernism	noun
psych	psych	verb:simple_present+transitive
psychs	psych	verb:simple_present+transitive
psyched	psych	verb:simple_past+transitive
psyched	psych	verb:past_participle+transitive
psyching	psych	verb:present_participle+transitive
psyching	psych	verb:present_participle
postmodernist	postmodernist	adjective
postmodernist	postmodernist	noun
pigpen	pigpen	noun
peanuts	peanuts	noun
pedophilic	pedophilic	adjective
paedophilic	paedophilic	adjective
patrilocal	patrilocal	adjective
parseable	parseable	adjective
pleurisy	pleurisy	noun
possessed	possessed	adjective
phthalic	phthalic	adjective
phthalate	phthalate	noun
parachutist	parachutist	noun
Peking	Peking	proper noun
pessimistic	pessimistic	adjective
postfix	postfix	verb:simple_present+transitive
postfixs	postfix	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	postfix	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	postfix	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	postfix	verb:present_participle+transitive
postfix	postfix	noun
poisoning	poisoning	noun
peers	peers	noun
petrous	petrous	adjective
planarize	planarize	verb:simple_present+
planarizes	planarize	verb:simple_present+
planarized	planarize	verb:simple_past+
planarized	planarize	verb:past_participle+
planarizing	planarize	verb:present_participle+
pseudointellectual	pseudointellectual	noun
pitfall	pitfall	noun
placid	placid	adjective
populous	populous	adjective
pewter	pewter	noun
pewter	pewter	adjective
pearly	pearly	noun
pearly	pearly	adjective
psych.	psych.	adjective
picrate	picrate	noun
punaany	punaany	noun
protector	protector	noun
protectors	protector	noun:plural
pyroxylin	pyroxylin	noun
psychrophile	psychrophile	noun
phallocentric	phallocentric	adjective
phallus	phallus	noun
preliminary	preliminary	adjective
propionate	propionate	noun
pyrogallol	pyrogallol	noun
phloroglucinol	phloroglucinol	noun
Pembrokeshire	Pembrokeshire	proper noun
purpure	purpure	noun
philomath	philomath	noun
percentage	percentage	noun
percentages	percentage	noun:plural
portions	portions	noun
polymorphism	polymorphism	noun
patrol	patrol	noun
patrols	patrol	noun:plural
patrol	patrol	verb:simple_present+
patrols	patrol	verb:simple_present+
???	patrol	verb:simple_past+
???	patrol	verb:past_participle+
???	patrol	verb:present_participle+
polysyllabic	polysyllabic	adjective
perusal	perusal	noun
perusing	perusing	noun
Passamaquoddy	Passamaquoddy	proper noun
protasis	protasis	noun
pyrophosphate	pyrophosphate	noun
pigtails	pigtails	noun
Peterborough	Peterborough	proper noun
planar	planar	adjective
pelvis	pelvis	noun
pelvises	pelvis	noun:plural
pyruvate	pyruvate	noun
pitiful	pitiful	adjective
pood	pood	noun
practise	practise	noun
practise	practise	verb:simple_present+
practises	practise	verb:simple_present+
practised	practise	verb:simple_past+
practised	practise	verb:past_participle+
practising	practise	verb:present_participle+
pigeonhole	pigeonhole	noun
pigeonhole	pigeonhole	verb:simple_present+
pigeonholes	pigeonhole	verb:simple_present+
pigeonholed	pigeonhole	verb:simple_past+
pigeonholed	pigeonhole	verb:past_participle+
pigeonholing	pigeonhole	verb:present_participle+
phalange	phalange	noun
phalanges	phalange	noun:plural
penitentiary	penitentiary	noun
penitentiaries	penitentiary	noun:plural
penitentiary	penitentiary	adjective
polymeric	polymeric	adjective
parade	parade	noun
parade	parade	verb:simple_present+transitive
parades	parade	verb:simple_present+transitive
paraded	parade	verb:simple_past+transitive
paraded	parade	verb:past_participle+transitive
parading	parade	verb:present_participle+transitive
polish	polish	noun
polish	polish	verb:simple_present+transitive
polishs	polish	verb:simple_present+transitive
polished	polish	verb:simple_past+transitive
polished	polish	verb:past_participle+transitive
polishing	polish	verb:present_participle+transitive
Pa	Pa	noun
Pacific	Pacific	proper noun
Paddy	Paddy	proper noun
Pam	Pam	proper noun
Pan	Pan	proper noun
Pan	Pan	proper noun
Panacea	Panacea	proper noun
Paradise	Paradise	proper noun
Pascal	Pascal	proper noun
Peanuts	Peanuts	proper noun
Peg	Peg	proper noun
Penguin	Penguin	proper noun
Penny	Penny	proper noun
Pentagon	Pentagon	proper noun
Perak	Perak	proper noun
Perpendicular	Perpendicular	proper noun
Perpendicular	Perpendicular	adjective
Perpendicular	Perpendicular	noun
Phish	Phish	proper noun
Phoebe	Phoebe	proper noun
Pierre	Pierre	proper noun
Piglet	Piglet	proper noun
Pigpen	Pigpen	proper noun
Pijin	Pijin	proper noun
Pinyin	Pinyin	noun
Pip	Pip	proper noun
Pisces	Pisces	proper noun
Plough	Plough	proper noun
Plough	Plough	noun
Plough	Plough	verb:simple_present+
Ploughs	Plough	verb:simple_present+
Ploughed	Plough	verb:simple_past+
Ploughed	Plough	verb:past_participle+
Ploughing	Plough	verb:present_participle+
Po	Po	proper noun
Polaris	Polaris	noun
Pole	Pole	proper noun
Pongo	Pongo	proper noun
Pope	Pope	proper noun
Poultry	Poultry	proper noun
Primates	Primates	proper noun
Primrose	Primrose	noun
Primrose	Primrose	proper noun
Prohibition	Prohibition	proper noun
Psyche	Psyche	noun
Psyche	Psyche	proper noun
Pula	Pula	proper noun
Puma	Puma	proper noun
Purple	Purple	proper noun
Pyrophorus	Pyrophorus	proper noun
poon	poon	noun
Piers	Piers	proper noun
peninsular	peninsular	adjective
pretend	pretend	verb:simple_present+
pretends	pretend	verb:simple_present+
pretended	pretend	verb:simple_past+
pretended	pretend	verb:past_participle+
pretending	pretend	verb:present_participle+
popularize	popularize	verb:simple_present+
popularizes	popularize	verb:simple_present+
popularized	popularize	verb:simple_past+
popularized	popularize	verb:past_participle+
popularizing	popularize	verb:present_participle+
peter	peter	proper noun
peter	peter	noun
peters	peter	noun:plural
predy	predy	verb:simple_present+transitive
predies	predy	verb:simple_present+transitive
predied	predy	verb:simple_past+transitive
predied	predy	verb:past_participle+transitive
predying	predy	verb:present_participle+transitive
predy	predy	adjective
poltroon	poltroon	noun
poltroon	poltroon	adjective
pore	pore	noun
pores	pore	noun:plural
pore	pore	verb:simple_present+
pores	pore	verb:simple_present+
pored	pore	verb:simple_past+
pored	pore	verb:past_participle+
poring	pore	verb:present_participle+
periculous	periculous	adjective
photocopy	photocopy	noun
photocopies	photocopy	noun:plural
photocopy	photocopy	verb:simple_present+
photocopies	photocopy	verb:simple_present+
photocopied	photocopy	verb:simple_past+
photocopied	photocopy	verb:past_participle+
photocopying	photocopy	verb:present_participle+
protege	protege	noun
papyrology	papyrology	noun
papyrologist	papyrologist	noun
pissabed	pissabed	noun
palatine	palatine	adjective
palatine	palatine	noun
Palatine	Palatine	proper noun
pianississimo	pianississimo	adverbe
patsy	patsy	noun
patsies	patsy	noun:plural
patellar	patellar	adjective
piscatorial	piscatorial	adjective
philogyny	philogyny	noun
paces	paces	noun
pasquinade	pasquinade	noun
pasquinade	pasquinade	verb:simple_present+
pasquinades	pasquinade	verb:simple_present+
pasquinaded	pasquinade	verb:simple_past+
pasquinaded	pasquinade	verb:past_participle+
pasquinading	pasquinade	verb:present_participle+
phytotomy	phytotomy	noun
pharmacology	pharmacology	noun
pharmacological	pharmacological	adjective
pederastic	pederastic	adjective
pentasyllabic	pentasyllabic	adjective
prognostic	prognostic	noun
prognostic	prognostic	adjective
penectomy	penectomy	noun
penectomies	penectomy	noun:plural
peterman	peterman	noun
pushy	pushy	adjective
python	python	noun
pythons	python	noun:plural
pharyngitis	pharyngitis	noun
piracy	piracy	noun
pudendum	pudendum	noun
pylorus	pylorus	noun
pneumonia	pneumonia	noun
picoler	picoler	verb:simple_present+
picolers	picoler	verb:simple_present+
???	picoler	verb:simple_past+
???	picoler	verb:past_participle+
???	picoler	verb:present_participle+
photology	photology	noun
phantasmagoria	phantasmagoria	noun
phantasmagoric	phantasmagoric	adjective
perky	perky	adjective
picalilli	picalilli	noun
piccalilli	piccalilli	noun
pituitary	pituitary	adjective
pituitary	pituitary	noun
pituitaries	pituitary	noun:plural
potty	potty	noun
potties	potty	noun:plural
potty	potty	adjective
polyphagous	polyphagous	adjective
Paleolithic	Paleolithic	noun
peleton	peleton	noun
Phaistos	Phaistos	proper noun
pickaxe	pickaxe	noun
pixellated	pixellated	adjective
paratyphoid	paratyphoid	adjective
paratyphoid	paratyphoid	noun
povvo	povvo	adjective
povvo	povvo	noun
Pollyanish	Pollyanish	adjective
pulp	pulp	noun
pulp	pulp	verb:simple_present+
pulps	pulp	verb:simple_present+
pulped	pulp	verb:simple_past+
pulped	pulp	verb:past_participle+
pulping	pulp	verb:present_participle+
peridot	peridot	noun
prile	prile	noun
percussion	percussion	noun
prosthesis	prosthesis	noun
prosthologist	prosthologist	noun
ptarmigan	ptarmigan	noun
ploy	ploy	noun
pataphysics	pataphysics	noun
proem	proem	noun
pound-force	pound-force	noun
post-rock	post-rock	adjective
paiawut	paiawut	noun
pastiche	pastiche	noun
pneumomediastinum	pneumomediastinum	noun
perigon	perigon	noun
perigons	perigon	noun:plural
pollyspeak	pollyspeak	noun
passacaglia	passacaglia	noun
pedalboard	pedalboard	noun
poring	poring	verb:simple_present+
porings	poring	verb:simple_present+
poringed	poring	verb:simple_past+
poringed	poring	verb:past_participle+
poringing	poring	verb:present_participle+
Perciformes	Perciformes	proper noun
playpipe	playpipe	noun
potshot	potshot	noun
psychometrics	psychometrics	noun
pressing	pressing	noun
pressing	pressing	adjective
pander	pander	noun
pander	pander	verb:simple_present+
panders	pander	verb:simple_present+
???	pander	verb:simple_past+
???	pander	verb:past_participle+
???	pander	verb:present_participle+
persecution	persecution	noun
persecute	persecute	verb:simple_present+
persecutes	persecute	verb:simple_present+
persecuted	persecute	verb:simple_past+
persecuted	persecute	verb:past_participle+
persecuting	persecute	verb:present_participle+
pragmatism	pragmatism	noun
piggyback	piggyback	adjective
piggyback	piggyback	adverbe
piggyback	piggyback	verb:simple_present+transitive
piggybacks	piggyback	verb:simple_present+transitive
piggybacked	piggyback	verb:simple_past+transitive
piggybacked	piggyback	verb:past_participle+transitive
piggybacking	piggyback	verb:present_participle+transitive
polyamorous	polyamorous	adjective
patiently	patiently	adjective
pushing	pushing	verb:simple_present+
pushings	pushing	verb:simple_present+
pushinged	pushing	verb:simple_past+
pushinged	pushing	verb:past_participle+
pushinging	pushing	verb:present_participle+
precipitation	precipitation	noun
percentile	percentile	noun
percentiles	percentile	noun:plural
packet	packet	noun
packet	packet	verb:simple_present+transitive
packets	packet	verb:simple_present+transitive
packeted	packet	verb:simple_past+transitive
packeted	packet	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	packet	verb:present_participle+transitive
packet	packet	verb:simple_present+intransitive
packets	packet	verb:simple_present+intransitive
packeted	packet	verb:simple_past+intransitive
packeted	packet	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	packet	verb:present_participle+intransitive
phlebitis	phlebitis	noun
psychrometer	psychrometer	noun
psychrophilic	psychrophilic	adjective
posilutley	posilutley	adverbe
potpourri	potpourri	noun
poxy	poxy	adjective
pockmark	pockmark	noun
pock	pock	noun
prostate	prostate	noun
prostates	prostate	noun:plural
prostate	prostate	adjective
preambular	preambular	adjective
pox	pox	noun
poxes	pox	noun:plural
puss	puss	noun
protoplasmic	protoplasmic	adjective
Patricia	Patricia	proper noun
pet.	pet.	noun
penetrating	penetrating	adjective
philosophistic	philosophistic	adjective
provender	provender	noun
paying	paying	verb:simple_present+
payings	paying	verb:simple_present+
payinged	paying	verb:simple_past+
payinged	paying	verb:past_participle+
payinging	paying	verb:present_participle+
proceeded	proceeded	verb:simple_present+
proceededs	proceeded	verb:simple_present+
???	proceeded	verb:simple_past+
???	proceeded	verb:past_participle+
???	proceeded	verb:present_participle+
polyhedral	polyhedral	adjective
palliative	palliative	adjective
palliative	palliative	noun
pirogue	pirogue	noun
plausibly	plausibly	adverbe
presently	presently	adverbe
pounds	pounds	noun
provisions	provisions	noun
prominently	prominently	adverbe
plainly	plainly	adverbe
pasaule	pasaule	noun
pivotal	pivotal	adjective
proedria	proedria	noun
precept	precept	noun
ponders	ponders	verb:simple_present+
ponderss	ponders	verb:simple_present+
pondersed	ponders	verb:simple_past+
pondersed	ponders	verb:past_participle+
pondersing	ponders	verb:present_participle+
pondered	pondered	verb:simple_present+
pondereds	pondered	verb:simple_present+
???	pondered	verb:simple_past+
???	pondered	verb:past_participle+
???	pondered	verb:present_participle+
pondering	pondering	verb:simple_present+
ponderings	pondering	verb:simple_present+
ponderinged	pondering	verb:simple_past+
ponderinged	pondering	verb:past_participle+
ponderinging	pondering	verb:present_participle+
pulmonary	pulmonary	adjective
perestroika	perestroika	noun
politely	politely	adverbe
proletariat	proletariat	noun
proletarian	proletarian	adjective
pitcher	pitcher	noun
pitcher	pitcher	noun
prenuptial	prenuptial	adjective
potter	potter	noun
Prozac	Prozac	noun
Phoenician	Phoenician	noun
Phoenician	Phoenician	adjective
phonological	phonological	adjective
phonology	phonology	noun
phylogenetically	phylogenetically	adverbe
phylogenetics	phylogenetics	noun
peritoneum	peritoneum	noun
peritoneums	peritoneum	noun:plural
peritonitis	peritonitis	noun
polypore	polypore	noun
parry	parry	verb:simple_present+
parries	parry	verb:simple_present+
parried	parry	verb:simple_past+
parried	parry	verb:past_participle+
parrying	parry	verb:present_participle+
pacifist	pacifist	noun
pescetarian	pescetarian	noun
pescetarians	pescetarian	noun:plural
pullout	pullout	noun
plesiochronous	plesiochronous	adjective
podcatcher	podcatcher	noun
parathyroid	parathyroid	adjective
parathyroid	parathyroid	noun
parathyroids	parathyroid	noun:plural
pen-name	pen-name	noun
pineal	pineal	adjective
pineal	pineal	noun
pineals	pineal	noun:plural
persuant	persuant	adjective
persuant	persuant	adverbe
plaintive	plaintive	adjective
phylogeny	phylogeny	noun
proprioception	proprioception	noun
pericardium	pericardium	noun
pretermit	pretermit	verb:simple_present+transitive
pretermits	pretermit	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	pretermit	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	pretermit	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	pretermit	verb:present_participle+transitive
parkway	parkway	noun
perianth	perianth	noun
petronoia	petronoia	noun
pinna	pinna	noun
pinnas	pinna	noun:plural
perkele	perkele	interjection
potash	potash	noun
perceptron	perceptron	noun
paraplegia	paraplegia	noun
paraplegic	paraplegic	adjective
paraplegic	paraplegic	noun
psychiatry	psychiatry	noun
palynology	palynology	noun
ponderable	ponderable	adjective
ponderomotive	ponderomotive	adjective
periodically	periodically	adverbe
psychological	psychological	adjective
paused	paused	verb:simple_present+
pauseds	paused	verb:simple_present+
???	paused	verb:simple_past+
???	paused	verb:past_participle+
???	paused	verb:present_participle+
pursued	pursued	verb:simple_present+
pursueds	pursued	verb:simple_present+
pursueded	pursued	verb:simple_past+
pursueded	pursued	verb:past_participle+
pursueding	pursued	verb:present_participle+
poured	poured	verb:simple_present+
poureds	poured	verb:simple_present+
???	poured	verb:simple_past+
???	poured	verb:past_participle+
???	poured	verb:present_participle+
parted	parted	verb:simple_present+
parteds	parted	verb:simple_present+
???	parted	verb:simple_past+
???	parted	verb:past_participle+
???	parted	verb:present_participle+
persuaded	persuaded	verb:simple_present+
persuadeds	persuaded	verb:simple_present+
???	persuaded	verb:simple_past+
???	persuaded	verb:past_participle+
???	persuaded	verb:present_participle+
prayed	prayed	verb:simple_present+
prayeds	prayed	verb:simple_present+
prayeded	prayed	verb:simple_past+
prayeded	prayed	verb:past_participle+
prayeding	prayed	verb:present_participle+
pretended	pretended	verb:simple_present+
pretendeds	pretended	verb:simple_present+
???	pretended	verb:simple_past+
???	pretended	verb:past_participle+
???	pretended	verb:present_participle+
planted	planted	verb:simple_present+
planteds	planted	verb:simple_present+
???	planted	verb:simple_past+
???	planted	verb:past_participle+
???	planted	verb:present_participle+
profits	profits	noun
princes	princes	noun
prospect	prospect	noun
prospects	prospect	noun:plural
prospect	prospect	verb:simple_present+
prospects	prospect	verb:simple_present+
prospected	prospect	verb:simple_past+
prospected	prospect	verb:past_participle+
prospecting	prospect	verb:present_participle+
proceeding	proceeding	verb:simple_present+
proceedings	proceeding	verb:simple_present+
proceedinged	proceeding	verb:simple_past+
proceedinged	proceeding	verb:past_participle+
proceedinging	proceeding	verb:present_participle+
prayers	prayers	noun
pluviometer	pluviometer	noun
passions	passions	noun
paries	paries	noun
pimpin	pimpin	noun
pseudo-anglicism	pseudo-anglicism	noun
puffery	puffery	noun
philtrum	philtrum	noun
proplyd	proplyd	noun
planetary	planetary	adjective
pantechnicon	pantechnicon	noun
proboscis	proboscis	noun
proboscises	proboscis	noun:plural
plexus	plexus	noun
plexuses	plexus	noun:plural
premunire	premunire	noun
pathological	pathological	adjective
potbelly	potbelly	noun
Proto-Uralic	Proto-Uralic	proper noun
prettiest	prettiest	adjective
procession	procession	noun
processions	procession	noun:plural
procession	procession	verb:simple_present+intransitive
processions	procession	verb:simple_present+intransitive
processioned	procession	verb:simple_past+intransitive
processioned	procession	verb:past_participle+intransitive
processioning	procession	verb:present_participle+intransitive
purview	purview	noun
panoply	panoply	adjective
passroll	passroll	noun
peneplain	peneplain	noun
petiole	petiole	noun
pyrotic	pyrotic	adjective
pyrotic	pyrotic	noun
protogenic	protogenic	adjective
porphyry	porphyry	noun
platelet	platelet	noun
platelets	platelet	noun:plural
provocateur	provocateur	noun
phlogiston	phlogiston	noun
panopticon	panopticon	noun
plump	plump	adjective
petrification	petrification	noun
petrifaction	petrifaction	noun
publicity	publicity	noun
petrify	petrify	verb:simple_present+
petrifies	petrify	verb:simple_present+
petrified	petrify	verb:simple_past+
petrified	petrify	verb:past_participle+
petrifying	petrify	verb:present_participle+
prism	prism	noun
pumps	pumps	noun
proficient	proficient	adjective
proficient	proficient	noun
pugnae	pugnae	noun
palinodista	palinodista	noun
palinodista	palinodista	noun
Phunababa	Phunababa	noun
priests	priests	noun
politesse	politesse	noun
penknife	penknife	noun
pocketknife	pocketknife	noun
pince-nez	pince-nez	noun
passer-by	passer-by	noun
palomino	palomino	noun
pelham	pelham	adjective
polyomino	polyomino	noun
polyominoes	polyomino	noun:plural
plutocracy	plutocracy	noun
pentomino	pentomino	noun
pentominoes	pentomino	noun:plural
polyform	polyform	noun
polyforms	polyform	noun:plural
posterity	posterity	noun
props	props	noun
pernickety	pernickety	adjective
parlor	parlor	noun
padres	padres	noun
polyabolo	polyabolo	noun
polyabolos	polyabolo	noun:plural
polytan	polytan	noun
polytans	polytan	noun:plural
polycube	polycube	noun
polycubes	polycube	noun:plural
polydrafter	polydrafter	noun
polydrafters	polydrafter	noun:plural
polyhex	polyhex	noun
polyhexes	polyhex	noun:plural
polyiamond	polyiamond	noun
polyiamonds	polyiamond	noun:plural
polystick	polystick	noun
polysticks	polystick	noun:plural
pawl	pawl	noun
pawl	pawl	verb:simple_present+transitive
pawls	pawl	verb:simple_present+transitive
pawled	pawl	verb:simple_past+transitive
pawled	pawl	verb:past_participle+transitive
pawling	pawl	verb:present_participle+transitive
Paradesi	Paradesi	noun
porringer	porringer	noun
psychotherapy	psychotherapy	noun
pungent	pungent	adjective
playboy	playboy	noun
playboys	playboy	noun:plural
playboy	playboy	proper noun
propellant	propellant	noun
propellant	propellant	adjective
pentiamond	pentiamond	noun
pentiamonds	pentiamond	noun:plural
proverbial	proverbial	adjective
Palookaville	Palookaville	proper noun
palooka	palooka	noun
PALplus	PALplus	noun
Pamyat	Pamyat	proper noun
peer-to-peer	peer-to-peer	adjective
palmtop	palmtop	noun
pharm	pharm	noun
plug-and-play	plug-and-play	noun
plug-and-play	plug-and-play	adjective
post-structuralism	post-structuralism	noun
precompetitive	precompetitive	adjective
pre-embryo	pre-embryo	noun
preloaded	preloaded	adjective
prenup	prenup	noun
prenuptual	prenuptual	adjective
profiling	profiling	noun
pull-down	pull-down	adjective
pull-down	pull-down	noun
part-timer	part-timer	noun
part-time	part-time	adjective
partnership	partnership	noun
pop-up	pop-up	adjective
pop-up	pop-up	noun
pop-ups	pop-up	noun:plural
prosecute	prosecute	verb:simple_present+transitive
prosecutes	prosecute	verb:simple_present+transitive
prosecuted	prosecute	verb:simple_past+transitive
prosecuted	prosecute	verb:past_participle+transitive
prosecuting	prosecute	verb:present_participle+transitive
portends	portends	verb:simple_present+
portendss	portends	verb:simple_present+
portendsed	portends	verb:simple_past+
portendsed	portends	verb:past_participle+
portendsing	portends	verb:present_participle+
popup	popup	noun
pruritus	pruritus	noun
polyphyletic	polyphyletic	adjective
pertussis	pertussis	noun
planer	planer	verb:simple_present+
planers	planer	verb:simple_present+
???	planer	verb:simple_past+
???	planer	verb:past_participle+
???	planer	verb:present_participle+
planed	planed	verb:simple_present+
planeds	planed	verb:simple_present+
???	planed	verb:simple_past+
???	planed	verb:past_participle+
???	planed	verb:present_participle+
prompted	prompted	verb:simple_present+
prompteds	prompted	verb:simple_present+
???	prompted	verb:simple_past+
???	prompted	verb:past_participle+
???	prompted	verb:present_participle+
polacced	polacced	adjective
plagiarhythm	plagiarhythm	noun
pussy-cat	pussy-cat	noun
pussy-cats	pussy-cat	noun:plural
pantyhose	pantyhose	noun
Petromyzontida	Petromyzontida	proper noun
panicked	panicked	verb:simple_present+
panickeds	panicked	verb:simple_present+
???	panicked	verb:simple_past+
???	panicked	verb:past_participle+
???	panicked	verb:present_participle+
Petromyzontiformes	Petromyzontiformes	proper noun
Petromyzontidae	Petromyzontidae	proper noun
pterosaur	pterosaur	noun
Pterosauria	Pterosauria	proper noun
popped	popped	verb:simple_present+
poppeds	popped	verb:simple_present+
???	popped	verb:simple_past+
???	popped	verb:past_participle+
???	popped	verb:present_participle+
predaceous	predaceous	adjective
