in	in	noun
in	in	preposition
in	in	adverbe
Internet	Internet	noun
Internet	Internet	proper noun
i	i	noun
is	i	noun:plural
Irish	Irish	noun
Irish	Irish	adjective
is	been	verb:simple_present+
interwiki	interwiki	noun
interwiki	interwiki	verb:simple_present+
interwikis	interwiki	verb:simple_present+
interwikied	interwiki	verb:simple_past+
interwikied	interwiki	verb:past_participle+
interwikiing	interwiki	verb:present_participle+
interwiki	interwiki	adjective
Iraq	Iraq	proper noun
Israel	Israel	proper noun
Iceland	Iceland	proper noun
inflation	inflation	noun
inflations	inflation	noun:plural
infotopia	infotopia	noun
investment	investment	noun
increase	increase	verb:simple_present+
increases	increase	verb:simple_present+
increased	increase	verb:simple_past+
increased	increase	verb:past_participle+
increasing	increase	verb:present_participle+
Indonesia	Indonesia	proper noun
Ireland	Ireland	proper noun
India	India	proper noun
Iran	Iran	proper noun
Iran	Iran	noun
Iran	Iran	proper noun
Italy	Italy	proper noun
industrial	industrial	adjective
Interlingua	Interlingua	noun
index	index	noun
indices	index	noun:plural
index	index	verb:simple_present+
indexs	index	verb:simple_present+
???	index	verb:simple_past+
???	index	verb:past_participle+
???	index	verb:present_participle+
indo-European	indo-European	noun
indo-European	indo-European	adjective
it	it	noun
it	it	nominative pronoun
it	it	accusative pronoun
it	it	personal pronoun
it	it	pronoun:singular third person
it	it	nominative pronoun
it	it	accusative pronoun
it	it	personal pronoun
it	it	pronoun:singular third person
Icelandic	Icelandic	proper noun
Icelandic	Icelandic	adjective
ID	ID	verb:simple_present+transitive
IDs	ID	verb:simple_present+transitive
IDed	ID	verb:simple_past+transitive
IDed	ID	verb:past_participle+transitive
IDing	ID	verb:present_participle+transitive
Indian	Indian	noun
Indian	Indian	adjective
Indian	Indian	adjective
insusurration	insusurration	noun
Italian	Italian	adjective
libretto	Italian	adjective:plural
Italian	Italian	noun
libretto	Italian	noun:plural
imperfect	imperfect	adjective
imperfect	imperfect	noun
irrational	irrational	adjective
invest	invest	verb:simple_present+
invests	invest	verb:simple_present+
invested	invest	verb:simple_past+
invested	invest	verb:past_participle+
investing	invest	verb:present_participle+
ICQ	ICQ	verb:simple_present+transitive
ICQs	ICQ	verb:simple_present+transitive
ICQed	ICQ	verb:simple_past+transitive
ICQed	ICQ	verb:past_participle+transitive
ICQing	ICQ	verb:present_participle+transitive
ICQing	ICQ	verb:present_participle
impala	impala	noun
indicative	indicative	adjective
indicative	indicative	noun
imperative	imperative	noun
imperative	imperative	adjective
infinitive	infinitive	noun
infinitives	infinitive	noun:plural
infinitive	infinitive	adjective
irregular	irregular	adjective
interjection	interjection	noun
island	island	noun
islands	island	noun:plural
Indonesian	Indonesian	noun
Indonesian	Indonesian	noun
Indonesian	Indonesian	adjective
in-law	in-law	noun
iceberg	iceberg	noun
indigo	indigo	noun
indigo	indigo	adjective
ivory	ivory	noun
ivory	ivory	adjective
ivory	ivory	proper noun
idiom	idiom	noun
Iqaluit	Iqaluit	proper noun
ingin	ingin	verb:simple_present+
ingins	ingin	verb:simple_present+
???	ingin	verb:simple_past+
???	ingin	verb:past_participle+
???	ingin	verb:present_participle+
Itanagar	Itanagar	proper noun
Imphal	Imphal	proper noun
Ipoh	Ipoh	proper noun
ilk	ilk	adjective
Islam	Islam	noun
ilke	ilke	adjective
icon	icon	noun
input	input	verb:simple_present+
inputs	input	verb:simple_present+
input	input	verb:simple_past+
input	input	verb:past_participle+
???	input	verb:present_participle+
input	input	verb:simple_present+
inputs	input	verb:simple_present+
input	input	verb:simple_past+
input	input	verb:past_participle+
???	input	verb:present_participle+
input	input	verb:simple_present+
inputs	input	verb:simple_present+
input	input	verb:simple_past+
input	input	verb:past_participle+
???	input	verb:present_participle+
inset	inset	verb:simple_present+
insets	inset	verb:simple_present+
inset	inset	verb:simple_past+
inset	inset	verb:past_participle+
???	inset	verb:present_participle+
inset	inset	verb:simple_present+
insets	inset	verb:simple_present+
inset	inset	verb:simple_past+
inset	inset	verb:past_participle+
???	inset	verb:present_participle+
inset	inset	verb:simple_present+
insets	inset	verb:simple_present+
inset	inset	verb:simple_past+
inset	inset	verb:past_participle+
???	inset	verb:present_participle+
imply	imply	verb:simple_present+transitive
implies	imply	verb:simple_present+transitive
implied	imply	verb:simple_past+transitive
implied	imply	verb:past_participle+transitive
implying	imply	verb:present_participle+transitive
infer	infer	verb:simple_present+
infers	infer	verb:simple_present+
???	infer	verb:simple_past+
???	infer	verb:past_participle+
???	infer	verb:present_participle+
inferring	infer	verb:present_participle
inferred	inferred	verb:simple_present+
inferreds	inferred	verb:simple_present+
???	inferred	verb:simple_past+
???	inferred	verb:past_participle+
???	inferred	verb:present_participle+
interbred	interbred	verb:simple_present+
interbreds	interbred	verb:simple_present+
???	interbred	verb:simple_past+
???	interbred	verb:past_participle+
???	interbred	verb:present_participle+
interbred	interbred	verb:simple_present+
interbreds	interbred	verb:simple_present+
???	interbred	verb:simple_past+
???	interbred	verb:past_participle+
???	interbred	verb:present_participle+
interbreed	interbreed	verb:simple_present+
interbreeds	interbreed	verb:simple_present+
interbred	interbreed	verb:simple_past+
interbred	interbreed	verb:past_participle+
interbreeding	interbreed	verb:present_participle+
interweave	interweave	verb:simple_present+
interweaves	interweave	verb:simple_present+
interwove	interweave	verb:simple_past+
interwoven	interweave	verb:past_participle+
interweaving	interweave	verb:present_participle+
interwove	interwove	verb:simple_present+
interwoves	interwove	verb:simple_present+
interwoved	interwove	verb:simple_past+
interwoved	interwove	verb:past_participle+
interwoving	interwove	verb:present_participle+
interwoven	interwoven	verb:simple_present+
interwovens	interwoven	verb:simple_present+
???	interwoven	verb:simple_past+
???	interwoven	verb:past_participle+
???	interwoven	verb:present_participle+
inflect	inflect	verb:simple_present+
inflects	inflect	verb:simple_present+
inflected	inflect	verb:simple_past+
inflected	inflect	verb:past_participle+
inflecting	inflect	verb:present_participle+
inflecting	inflect	verb:present_participle
intertwine	intertwine	verb:simple_present+
intertwines	intertwine	verb:simple_present+
intertwined	intertwine	verb:simple_past+
intertwined	intertwine	verb:past_participle+
intertwining	intertwine	verb:present_participle+
ideal	ideal	adjective
ideal	ideal	noun
ideals	ideal	noun:plural
inflection	inflection	noun
inflections	inflection	noun:plural
inflected	inflected	adjective
inflected	inflected	verb:simple_present+
inflecteds	inflected	verb:simple_present+
???	inflected	verb:simple_past+
???	inflected	verb:past_participle+
???	inflected	verb:present_participle+
invisibly	invisibly	adverbe
itself	itself	reflexive pronoun
itself	itself	personal pronoun
itself	itself	pronoun:singular third person
iconoclast	iconoclast	noun
impetuous	impetuous	adjective
inconsequential	inconsequential	adjective
inconsequential	inconsequential	noun
incontrovertible	incontrovertible	adjective
increment	increment	verb:simple_present+
increments	increment	verb:simple_present+
incremented	increment	verb:simple_past+
incremented	increment	verb:past_participle+
incrementing	increment	verb:present_participle+
interest	interest	noun
interest	interest	verb:simple_present+
interests	interest	verb:simple_present+
interested	interest	verb:simple_past+
interested	interest	verb:past_participle+
interesting	interest	verb:present_participle+
impact	impact	noun
impacts	impact	noun:plural
impact	impact	verb:simple_present+
impacts	impact	verb:simple_present+
impacted	impact	verb:simple_past+
impacted	impact	verb:past_participle+
impacting	impact	verb:present_participle+
incorporate	incorporate	verb:simple_present+
incorporates	incorporate	verb:simple_present+
incorporated	incorporate	verb:simple_past+
incorporated	incorporate	verb:past_participle+
incorporating	incorporate	verb:present_participle+
iron	iron	noun
irons	iron	noun:plural
iron	iron	adjective
iron	iron	verb:simple_present+transitive
irons	iron	verb:simple_present+transitive
ironed	iron	verb:simple_past+transitive
ironed	iron	verb:past_participle+transitive
ironing	iron	verb:present_participle+transitive
ironing	iron	verb:present_participle
ice	ice	noun
ice	ice	verb:simple_present+
ices	ice	verb:simple_present+
iced	ice	verb:simple_past+
iced	ice	verb:past_participle+
icing	ice	verb:present_participle+
impose	impose	verb:simple_present+transitive
imposes	impose	verb:simple_present+transitive
imposed	impose	verb:simple_past+transitive
imposed	impose	verb:past_participle+transitive
imposing	impose	verb:present_participle+transitive
impose	impose	verb:simple_present+intransitive
imposes	impose	verb:simple_present+intransitive
imposed	impose	verb:simple_past+intransitive
imposed	impose	verb:past_participle+intransitive
imposing	impose	verb:present_participle+intransitive
ibex	ibex	noun
ir	ir	conjonction
if	if	conjonction
if	if	noun
if	if	adjective
if	if	noun
important	important	adjective
impersonal	impersonal	adjective
impersonal	impersonal	noun
investigate	investigate	verb:simple_present+
investigates	investigate	verb:simple_present+
investigated	investigate	verb:simple_past+
investigated	investigate	verb:past_participle+
investigating	investigate	verb:present_participle+
integer	integer	noun
integers	integer	noun:plural
integer	integer	adjective
incorrigible	incorrigible	adjective
instrumental	instrumental	adjective
instrumental	instrumental	noun
instrumentalist	instrumentalist	noun
instrumentality	instrumentality	noun
instrumentally	instrumentally	adverbe
instrumentalness	instrumentalness	noun
inngang	inngang	noun
invariable	invariable	adjective
indolent	indolent	adjective
itinerary	itinerary	noun
ile	ile	noun
ile	ile	noun
ile	ile	noun
ileac	ileac	adjective
ifere	ifere	adjective
igasuric	igasuric	adjective
igasurine	igasurine	noun
igloo	igloo	noun
igloos	igloo	noun:plural
information	information	noun
intuitive	intuitive	noun
image	image	noun
images	image	noun:plural
image	image	verb:simple_present+
images	image	verb:simple_present+
imaged	image	verb:simple_past+
imaged	image	verb:past_participle+
imaging	image	verb:present_participle+
isolationism	isolationism	noun
impudence	impudence	noun
infundibulated	infundibulated	adjective
intermission	intermission	noun
interquel	interquel	noun
idea	idea	noun
ideas	idea	noun:plural
indium	indium	noun
iodine	iodine	noun
iridium	iridium	noun
influence	influence	noun
influence	influence	verb:simple_present+
influences	influence	verb:simple_present+
influenced	influence	verb:simple_past+
influenced	influence	verb:past_participle+
influencing	influence	verb:present_participle+
intercourse	intercourse	noun
imprint	imprint	noun
imprint	imprint	verb:simple_present+
imprints	imprint	verb:simple_present+
imprinted	imprint	verb:simple_past+
imprinted	imprint	verb:past_participle+
imprinting	imprint	verb:present_participle+
intermodal	intermodal	adjective
insect	insect	noun
insects	insect	noun:plural
inch	inch	noun
inches	inch	noun:plural
inch	inch	verb:simple_present+intransitive
inchs	inch	verb:simple_present+intransitive
inched	inch	verb:simple_past+intransitive
inched	inch	verb:past_participle+intransitive
inching	inch	verb:present_participle+intransitive
ignescent	ignescent	adjective
ignicolist	ignicolist	noun
igniferous	igniferous	adjective
ignifluous	ignifluous	adjective
intelligent	intelligent	adjective
individual	individual	noun
individuals	individual	noun:plural
individual	individual	adjective
insulator	insulator	noun
ignore	ignore	verb:simple_present+transitive
ignores	ignore	verb:simple_present+transitive
ignored	ignore	verb:simple_past+transitive
ignored	ignore	verb:past_participle+transitive
ignoring	ignore	verb:present_participle+transitive
infinity	infinity	noun
infinities	infinity	noun:plural
impure	impure	adjective
iceball	iceball	noun
injure	injure	verb:simple_present+transitive
injures	injure	verb:simple_present+transitive
injured	injure	verb:simple_past+transitive
injured	injure	verb:past_participle+transitive
injuring	injure	verb:present_participle+transitive
intersection	intersection	noun
intersections	intersection	noun:plural
ignominy	ignominy	noun
icosahedron	icosahedron	noun
icosahedrons	icosahedron	noun:plural
ironwood	ironwood	noun
inflammable	inflammable	adjective
insolent	insolent	adjective
illicit	illicit	adjective
investor	investor	noun
import	import	noun
import	import	verb:simple_present+
imports	import	verb:simple_present+
imported	import	verb:simple_past+
imported	import	verb:past_participle+
importing	import	verb:present_participle+
incarcerate	incarcerate	verb:simple_present+
incarcerates	incarcerate	verb:simple_present+
incarcerated	incarcerate	verb:simple_past+
incarcerated	incarcerate	verb:past_participle+
incarcerating	incarcerate	verb:present_participle+
interpreter	interpreter	noun
infamous	infamous	adjective
israeli	israeli	noun
israeli	israeli	adjective
imperia	imperia	proper noun
isernia	isernia	proper noun
iraqi	iraqi	noun
iraqi	iraqi	adjective
Iranian	Iranian	noun
Iranian	Iranian	adjective
indulge	indulge	verb:simple_present+
indulges	indulge	verb:simple_present+
indulged	indulge	verb:simple_past+
indulged	indulge	verb:past_participle+
indulging	indulge	verb:present_participle+
indulge	indulge	verb:simple_present+intransitive
indulges	indulge	verb:simple_present+intransitive
indulged	indulge	verb:simple_past+intransitive
indulged	indulge	verb:past_participle+intransitive
indulging	indulge	verb:present_participle+intransitive
indulge	indulge	verb:simple_present+transitive
indulges	indulge	verb:simple_present+transitive
indulged	indulge	verb:simple_past+transitive
indulged	indulge	verb:past_participle+transitive
indulging	indulge	verb:present_participle+transitive
Ivorian	Ivorian	proper noun
Ivorian	Ivorian	adjective
icelander	icelander	noun
insipid	insipid	adjective
Ibo	Ibo	proper noun
ilocano	ilocano	proper noun
ilocano	ilocano	adjective
innuendo	innuendo	noun
innuendoes	innuendo	noun:plural
invisible	invisible	adjective
idolatry	idolatry	noun
intractable	intractable	adjective
idi	idi	noun
Iraklion	Iraklion	proper noun
Ioannina	Ioannina	proper noun
ini	ini	preposition
immature	immature	adjective
identify	identify	verb:simple_present+
identifies	identify	verb:simple_present+
identified	identify	verb:simple_past+
identified	identify	verb:past_participle+
identifying	identify	verb:present_participle+
ignominious	ignominious	adjective
ink	ink	noun
inks	ink	noun:plural
ink	ink	verb:simple_present+
inks	ink	verb:simple_present+
inked	ink	verb:simple_past+
inked	ink	verb:past_participle+
inking	ink	verb:present_participle+
include	include	verb:simple_present+
includes	include	verb:simple_present+
included	include	verb:simple_past+
included	include	verb:past_participle+
including	include	verb:present_participle+
include	include	verb:simple_present+
includes	include	verb:simple_present+
included	include	verb:simple_past+
included	include	verb:past_participle+
including	include	verb:present_participle+
included	included	verb:simple_present+
includeds	included	verb:simple_present+
???	included	verb:simple_past+
???	included	verb:past_participle+
???	included	verb:present_participle+
informatics	informatics	noun
informatician	informatician	noun
integument	integument	noun
ikan	ikan	noun
ikan	ikan	noun
identification	identification	noun
incorporeal	incorporeal	adjective
idiot	idiot	noun
idiots	idiot	noun:plural
inevitable	inevitable	adjective
interlanguage	interlanguage	noun
interlanguages	interlanguage	noun:plural
irange	irange	noun
independent	independent	adjective
ironic	ironic	adjective
insistence	insistence	noun
insistences	insistence	noun:plural
intestine	intestine	noun
intestines	intestine	noun:plural
intestine	intestine	adjective
infertility	infertility	noun
infertile	infertile	adjective
incubus	incubus	noun
interregnum	interregnum	noun
ixnay	ixnay	noun
ixnay	ixnay	verb:simple_present+
ixnays	ixnay	verb:simple_present+
ixnayed	ixnay	verb:simple_past+
ixnayed	ixnay	verb:past_participle+
ixnaying	ixnay	verb:present_participle+
instrument	instrument	noun
instrument	instrument	verb:simple_present+
instruments	instrument	verb:simple_present+
instrumented	instrument	verb:simple_past+
instrumented	instrument	verb:past_participle+
instrumenting	instrument	verb:present_participle+
imp	imp	noun
imps	imp	noun:plural
indefinite	indefinite	adjective
incense	incense	noun
incense	incense	verb:simple_present+transitive
incenses	incense	verb:simple_present+transitive
incensed	incense	verb:simple_past+transitive
incensed	incense	verb:past_participle+transitive
incensing	incense	verb:present_participle+transitive
interpolation	interpolation	noun
interval	interval	noun
isochronal	isochronal	adjective
impel	impel	verb:simple_present+
impels	impel	verb:simple_present+
???	impel	verb:simple_past+
???	impel	verb:past_participle+
???	impel	verb:present_participle+
impeller	impeller	noun
intensive	intensive	adjective
intent	intent	noun
intent	intent	adjective
influenza	influenza	noun
Inuktitut	Inuktitut	proper noun
Inuktitut	Inuktitut	proper noun
inherit	inherit	verb:simple_present+transitive
inherits	inherit	verb:simple_present+transitive
inherited	inherit	verb:simple_past+transitive
inherited	inherit	verb:past_participle+transitive
inheriting	inherit	verb:present_participle+transitive
inheriting	inherit	verb:present_participle
invent	invent	verb:simple_present+
invents	invent	verb:simple_present+
invented	invent	verb:simple_past+
invented	invent	verb:past_participle+
inventing	invent	verb:present_participle+
inventing	invent	verb:present_participle
inside	inside	adverbe
inside	inside	noun
infant	infant	noun
impress	impress	verb:simple_present+transitive
impresss	impress	verb:simple_present+transitive
impressed	impress	verb:simple_past+transitive
impressed	impress	verb:past_participle+transitive
impressing	impress	verb:present_participle+transitive
impress	impress	noun
infanticide	infanticide	noun
interstitial	interstitial	adjective
initialism	initialism	noun
initialisms	initialism	noun:plural
inning	inning	noun
intrametric	intrametric	adjective
insecticidal	insecticidal	adjective
insecticide	insecticide	noun
imperial	imperial	adjective
inversion	inversion	noun
integers	integers	noun
identity	identity	noun
identities	identity	noun:plural
inverse	inverse	noun
inverse	inverse	adjective
icosahedra	icosahedra	noun
inebriation	inebriation	noun
ish	ish	adverbe
ish	ish	adjective
ironing	ironing	noun
inductor	inductor	noun
ilesia	ilesia	noun
inkwell	inkwell	noun
infinite	infinite	adjective
impatient	impatient	adjective
impatiently	impatiently	adverbe
ineffable	ineffable	adjective
inconvenience	inconvenience	noun
inventorize	inventorize	verb:simple_present+transitive
inventorizes	inventorize	verb:simple_present+transitive
inventorized	inventorize	verb:simple_past+transitive
inventorized	inventorize	verb:past_participle+transitive
inventorizing	inventorize	verb:present_participle+transitive
ipe	ipe	noun
Islamist	Islamist	adjective
Islamist	Islamist	noun
Islamic	Islamic	adjective
Italia	Italia	proper noun
imprisonment	imprisonment	noun
innkeeper	innkeeper	noun
inaccuracy	inaccuracy	noun
inveigh	inveigh	verb:simple_present+intransitive
inveighs	inveigh	verb:simple_present+intransitive
inveighed	inveigh	verb:simple_past+intransitive
inveighed	inveigh	verb:past_participle+intransitive
inveighing	inveigh	verb:present_participle+intransitive
incipient	incipient	adjective
imbroglio	imbroglio	noun
imbroglios	imbroglio	noun:plural
insufflate	insufflate	verb:simple_present+transitive
insufflates	insufflate	verb:simple_present+transitive
insufflated	insufflate	verb:simple_past+transitive
insufflated	insufflate	verb:past_participle+transitive
insufflating	insufflate	verb:present_participle+transitive
izen	izen	noun
io	io	interjection
immiserate	immiserate	verb:simple_present+transitive
immiserates	immiserate	verb:simple_present+transitive
immiserated	immiserate	verb:simple_past+transitive
immiserated	immiserate	verb:past_participle+transitive
immiserating	immiserate	verb:present_participle+transitive
iced	iced	adjective
into	into	preposition
ire	ire	noun
incursion	incursion	noun
incursion	incursion	noun
indubitably	indubitably	adverbe
indigenous	indigenous	adjective
inn	inn	noun
inns	inn	noun:plural
incident	incident	noun
immolate	immolate	verb:simple_present+
immolates	immolate	verb:simple_present+
immolated	immolate	verb:simple_past+
immolated	immolate	verb:past_participle+
immolating	immolate	verb:present_participle+
imbibe	imbibe	verb:simple_present+
imbibes	imbibe	verb:simple_present+
imbibed	imbibe	verb:simple_past+
imbibed	imbibe	verb:past_participle+
imbibing	imbibe	verb:present_participle+
incest	incest	noun
immense	immense	adjective
inept	inept	adjective
impossible	impossible	adjective
isiZulu	isiZulu	noun
interweb	interweb	noun
icebox	icebox	noun
iceboxes	icebox	noun:plural
inflate	inflate	verb:simple_present+
inflates	inflate	verb:simple_present+
inflated	inflate	verb:simple_past+
inflated	inflate	verb:past_participle+
inflating	inflate	verb:present_participle+
infamy	infamy	noun
infamies	infamy	noun:plural
interred	interred	adjective
intestate	intestate	adjective
integral	integral	adjective
integral	integral	noun
integrals	integral	noun:plural
intimation	intimation	noun
intramural	intramural	adjective
immure	immure	verb:simple_present+
immures	immure	verb:simple_present+
immured	immure	verb:simple_past+
immured	immure	verb:past_participle+
immuring	immure	verb:present_participle+
intriguing	intriguing	adjective
ineluctable	ineluctable	adjective
intramuscular	intramuscular	adjective
intravenous	intravenous	adjective
intravenous	intravenous	noun
ill	ill	adjective
ill	ill	adverbe
ill	ill	noun
intellect	intellect	noun
intellects	intellect	noun:plural
infidel	infidel	noun
infuriate	infuriate	verb:simple_present+
infuriates	infuriate	verb:simple_present+
infuriated	infuriate	verb:simple_past+
infuriated	infuriate	verb:past_participle+
infuriating	infuriate	verb:present_participle+
inhale	inhale	verb:simple_present+intransitive
inhales	inhale	verb:simple_present+intransitive
inhaled	inhale	verb:simple_past+intransitive
inhaled	inhale	verb:past_participle+intransitive
inhaling	inhale	verb:present_participle+intransitive
inhale	inhale	verb:simple_present+transitive
inhales	inhale	verb:simple_present+transitive
inhaled	inhale	verb:simple_past+transitive
inhaled	inhale	verb:past_participle+transitive
inhaling	inhale	verb:present_participle+transitive
iconoclastic	iconoclastic	adjective
immutable	immutable	adjective
iniquitous	iniquitous	adjective
inculcate	inculcate	verb:simple_present+transitive
inculcates	inculcate	verb:simple_present+transitive
inculcated	inculcate	verb:simple_past+transitive
inculcated	inculcate	verb:past_participle+transitive
inculcating	inculcate	verb:present_participle+transitive
immortal	immortal	adjective
immortality	immortality	noun
ideology	ideology	noun
id	id	noun
id	id	noun
ids	id	noun:plural
indeed	indeed	adverbe
ita	ita	noun
impulse	impulse	noun
ilala	ilala	noun
ingenuous	ingenuous	adjective
industry	industry	noun
industries	industry	noun:plural
industrious	industrious	adjective
intrada	intrada	noun
intrata	intrata	noun
insurance	insurance	noun
impecunious	impecunious	adjective
invention	invention	noun
ion	ion	noun
infracohort	infracohort	noun
ingot	ingot	noun
inconsiderate	inconsiderate	adjective
illusion	illusion	noun
illusions	illusion	noun:plural
imbue	imbue	verb:simple_present+
imbues	imbue	verb:simple_present+
imbued	imbue	verb:simple_past+
imbued	imbue	verb:past_participle+
imbuing	imbue	verb:present_participle+
immediate	immediate	adjective
insurgents	insurgents	noun
insurgents	insurgents	adjective
interspersed	interspersed	adjective
inchoate	inchoate	verb:simple_present+
inchoates	inchoate	verb:simple_present+
inchoated	inchoate	verb:simple_past+
inchoated	inchoate	verb:past_participle+
inchoating	inchoate	verb:present_participle+
inchoate	inchoate	adjective
inchoate	inchoate	noun
inchoactive	inchoactive	adjective
inchoactive	inchoactive	noun
Islamonazism	Islamonazism	noun
Islamite	Islamite	noun
Islamite	Islamite	adjective
Islamitish	Islamitish	adjective
Islamitish	Islamitish	noun
Islamitic	Islamitic	adjective
Islamism	Islamism	noun
ignoble	ignoble	adjective
inexpensive	inexpensive	adjective
indignation	indignation	noun
infix	infix	verb:simple_present+
infixs	infix	verb:simple_present+
infixed	infix	verb:simple_past+
infixed	infix	verb:past_participle+
???	infix	verb:present_participle+
infix	infix	noun
income	income	noun
inauspicious	inauspicious	adjective
inferior	inferior	adjective
inferior	inferior	noun
inhabitant	inhabitant	noun
inhabitants	inhabitant	noun:plural
imitation	imitation	noun
Igbo	Igbo	proper noun
insurgent	insurgent	noun
insurgent	insurgent	adjective
iffy	iffy	adjective
indy	indy	proper noun
imam	imam	noun
inflatable	inflatable	adjective
indifferent	indifferent	adjective
ikalanga	ikalanga	proper noun
intersperse	intersperse	verb:simple_present+
intersperses	intersperse	verb:simple_present+
interspersed	intersperse	verb:simple_past+
interspersed	intersperse	verb:past_participle+
interspersing	intersperse	verb:present_participle+
impertinent	impertinent	adjective
invert	invert	verb:simple_present+
inverts	invert	verb:simple_present+
inverted	invert	verb:simple_past+
inverted	invert	verb:past_participle+
inverting	invert	verb:present_participle+
inverting	invert	verb:present_participle
invert	invert	noun
inverts	invert	noun:plural
irrascible	irrascible	adjective
innie	innie	noun
innies	innie	noun:plural
ibis	ibis	noun
iconic	iconic	adjective
ideate	ideate	verb:simple_present+
ideates	ideate	verb:simple_present+
ideated	ideate	verb:simple_past+
ideated	ideate	verb:past_participle+
ideating	ideate	verb:present_participle+
idol	idol	noun
idyll	idyll	noun
ileum	ileum	noun
illume	illume	verb:simple_present+
illumes	illume	verb:simple_present+
illumed	illume	verb:simple_past+
illumed	illume	verb:past_participle+
illuming	illume	verb:present_participle+
imager	imager	noun
imbrue	imbrue	verb:simple_present+
imbrues	imbrue	verb:simple_present+
imbrued	imbrue	verb:simple_past+
imbrued	imbrue	verb:past_participle+
imbruing	imbrue	verb:present_participle+
impale	impale	verb:simple_present+
impales	impale	verb:simple_present+
impaled	impale	verb:simple_past+
impaled	impale	verb:past_participle+
impaling	impale	verb:present_participle+
imping	imping	noun
inapt	inapt	adjective
incise	incise	verb:simple_present+
incises	incise	verb:simple_present+
incised	incise	verb:simple_past+
incised	incise	verb:past_participle+
incising	incise	verb:present_participle+
induct	induct	verb:simple_present+
inducts	induct	verb:simple_present+
inducted	induct	verb:simple_past+
inducted	induct	verb:past_participle+
inducting	induct	verb:present_participle+
inflow	inflow	verb:simple_present+
inflows	inflow	verb:simple_present+
???	inflow	verb:simple_past+
???	inflow	verb:past_participle+
???	inflow	verb:present_participle+
ingest	ingest	verb:simple_present+
ingests	ingest	verb:simple_present+
ingested	ingest	verb:simple_past+
ingested	ingest	verb:past_participle+
ingesting	ingest	verb:present_participle+
inhere	inhere	verb:simple_present+
inheres	inhere	verb:simple_present+
inhered	inhere	verb:simple_past+
inhered	inhere	verb:past_participle+
inhering	inhere	verb:present_participle+
inters	inters	noun
intone	intone	verb:simple_present+
intones	intone	verb:simple_present+
intoned	intone	verb:simple_past+
intoned	intone	verb:past_participle+
intoning	intone	verb:present_participle+
intuit	intuit	verb:simple_present+
intuits	intuit	verb:simple_present+
intuited	intuit	verb:simple_past+
intuited	intuit	verb:past_participle+
intuiting	intuit	verb:present_participle+
iodate	iodate	noun
iodide	iodide	noun
iris	iris	noun
irises	iris	noun:plural
irised	irised	adjective
isomer	isomer	noun
ivied	ivied	adjective
inter	inter	verb:simple_present+
inters	inter	verb:simple_present+
???	inter	verb:simple_past+
???	inter	verb:past_participle+
???	inter	verb:present_participle+
inure	inure	verb:simple_present+
inures	inure	verb:simple_present+
inured	inure	verb:simple_past+
inured	inure	verb:past_participle+
inuring	inure	verb:present_participle+
idealization	idealization	noun
ideation	ideation	noun
illumination	illumination	noun
illumination	illumination	verb:simple_present+
illuminations	illumination	verb:simple_present+
illuminationed	illumination	verb:simple_past+
illuminationed	illumination	verb:past_participle+
illuminationing	illumination	verb:present_participle+
illustration	illustration	noun
imagery	imagery	noun
imagination	imagination	noun
immerse	immerse	verb:simple_present+
immerses	immerse	verb:simple_present+
immersed	immerse	verb:simple_past+
immersed	immerse	verb:past_participle+
immersing	immerse	verb:present_participle+
immigration	immigration	noun
immolation	immolation	noun
immoral	immoral	adjective
immorality	immorality	noun
immortalization	immortalization	noun
immune	immune	adjective
impart	impart	verb:simple_present+
imparts	impart	verb:simple_present+
imparted	impart	verb:simple_past+
imparted	impart	verb:past_participle+
imparting	impart	verb:present_participle+
impersonation	impersonation	noun
implantation	implantation	noun
implication	implication	noun
implications	implication	noun:plural
importation	importation	verb:simple_present+
importations	importation	verb:simple_present+
importationed	importation	verb:simple_past+
importationed	importation	verb:past_participle+
importationing	importation	verb:present_participle+
impound	impound	verb:simple_present+
impounds	impound	verb:simple_present+
impounded	impound	verb:simple_past+
impounded	impound	verb:past_participle+
impounding	impound	verb:present_participle+
imprecation	imprecation	noun
imprecate	imprecate	verb:simple_present+
imprecates	imprecate	verb:simple_present+
imprecated	imprecate	verb:simple_past+
imprecated	imprecate	verb:past_participle+
imprecating	imprecate	verb:present_participle+
impregnation	impregnation	noun
impressive	impressive	adjective
improper	improper	verb:simple_present+
impropers	improper	verb:simple_present+
???	improper	verb:simple_past+
???	improper	verb:past_participle+
???	improper	verb:present_participle+
improper	improper	adjective
improper	improper	noun
impropriation	impropriation	noun
improvisation	improvisation	noun
inadaptation	inadaptation	noun
inadequate	inadequate	adjective
inalienable	inalienable	adjective
inanimation	inanimation	noun
inarticulation	inarticulation	noun
inauguration	inauguration	noun
inbred	inbred	adjective
inbreed	inbreed	verb:simple_present+
inbreeds	inbreed	verb:simple_present+
inbreeded	inbreed	verb:simple_past+
inbreeded	inbreed	verb:past_participle+
inbreeding	inbreed	verb:present_participle+
incantation	incantation	noun
incapacitation	incapacitation	noun
incarceration	incarceration	noun
incarnation	incarnation	noun
incineration	incineration	noun
incitation	incitation	noun
incomplete	incomplete	adjective
inconsideration	inconsideration	noun
incoordination	incoordination	noun
incorporation	incorporation	noun
incrustation	incrustation	noun
incubation	incubation	noun
inculpation	inculpation	noun
incur	incur	verb:simple_present+
incurs	incur	verb:simple_present+
???	incur	verb:simple_past+
???	incur	verb:past_participle+
???	incur	verb:present_participle+
indefatigable	indefatigable	adjective
indemnification	indemnification	noun
indent	indent	noun
indent	indent	verb:simple_present+
indents	indent	verb:simple_present+
indented	indent	verb:simple_past+
indented	indent	verb:past_participle+
indenting	indent	verb:present_participle+
indentation	indentation	noun
indentations	indentation	noun:plural
independence	independence	noun
indetermination	indetermination	noun
indicate	indicate	verb:simple_present+
indicates	indicate	verb:simple_present+
indicated	indicate	verb:simple_past+
indicated	indicate	verb:past_participle+
indicating	indicate	verb:present_participle+
indiscreet	indiscreet	adjective
indiscrimination	indiscrimination	noun
individualization	individualization	noun
indoctrination	indoctrination	noun
indubitable	indubitable	noun
indubitable	indubitable	adjective
inefficient	inefficient	adjective
infatuation	infatuation	noun
infelicitous	infelicitous	adjective
inference	inference	noun
inferences	inference	noun:plural
infest	infest	verb:simple_present+
infests	infest	verb:simple_present+
infested	infest	verb:simple_past+
infested	infest	verb:past_participle+
infesting	infest	verb:present_participle+
infiltration	infiltration	noun
inflame	inflame	verb:simple_present+
inflames	inflame	verb:simple_present+
inflamed	inflame	verb:simple_past+
inflamed	inflame	verb:past_participle+
inflaming	inflame	verb:present_participle+
inflammation	inflammation	noun
inhabitation	inhabitation	noun
inhalation	inhalation	noun
inhalation	inhalation	noun
initiation	initiation	noun
injunction	injunction	noun
injury	injury	adjective
innate	innate	verb:simple_present+
innates	innate	verb:simple_present+
innated	innate	verb:simple_past+
innated	innate	verb:past_participle+
innating	innate	verb:present_participle+
innate	innate	adjective
innervation	innervation	noun
innocuous	innocuous	adjective
inoculation	inoculation	noun
inquiry	inquiry	noun
insane	insane	adjective
insatiable	insatiable	adjective
insemination	insemination	noun
insight	insight	noun
insinuation	insinuation	noun
insouciant	insouciant	adjective
inspiration	inspiration	noun
inspire	inspire	verb:simple_present+
inspires	inspire	verb:simple_present+
inspired	inspire	verb:simple_past+
inspired	inspire	verb:past_participle+
inspiring	inspire	verb:present_participle+
installation	installation	noun
installations	installation	noun:plural
instead	instead	adverbe
instigation	instigation	noun
innovation	innovation	noun
insolation	insolation	noun
instillation	instillation	noun
instrumentation	instrumentation	noun
insubordination	insubordination	noun
insubstantial	insubstantial	adjective
insulation	insulation	noun
insurmountable	insurmountable	adjective
intact	intact	adjective
intake	intake	noun
integration	integration	noun
intellectual	intellectual	noun
intellectual	intellectual	adjective
intermediation	intermediation	noun
intermixture	intermixture	noun
intervene	intervene	noun
intervene	intervene	verb:simple_present+
intervenes	intervene	verb:simple_present+
intervened	intervene	verb:simple_past+
intervened	intervene	verb:past_participle+
intervening	intervene	verb:present_participle+
introspection	introspection	noun
intend	intend	verb:simple_present+
intends	intend	verb:simple_present+
intended	intend	verb:simple_past+
intended	intend	verb:past_participle+
intending	intend	verb:present_participle+
intending	intend	verb:present_participle
intense	intense	adjective
intensification	intensification	noun
interact	interact	noun
interact	interact	verb:simple_present+
interacts	interact	verb:simple_present+
interacted	interact	verb:simple_past+
interacted	interact	verb:past_participle+
interacting	interact	verb:present_participle+
internment	internment	noun
interpellation	interpellation	noun
interpenetration	interpenetration	noun
interposition	interposition	noun
interpretation	interpretation	noun
intercommunication	intercommunication	noun
interrelation	interrelation	noun
intimidate	intimidate	verb:simple_present+
intimidates	intimidate	verb:simple_present+
intimidated	intimidate	verb:simple_past+
intimidated	intimidate	verb:past_participle+
intimidating	intimidate	verb:present_participle+
interrogation	interrogation	noun
intimidation	intimidation	noun
intoleration	intoleration	noun
intonation	intonation	noun
intoxication	intoxication	noun
intubation	intubation	noun
invagination	invagination	noun
invader	invader	noun
invective	invective	noun
invectives	invective	noun:plural
invective	invective	adjective
investigation	investigation	noun
invigoration	invigoration	noun
invitation	invitation	noun
invocation	invocation	noun
irascible	irascible	adjective
irrigation	irrigation	noun
irritation	irritation	noun
irritations	irritation	noun:plural
isthmian	isthmian	adjective
iteration	iteration	noun
insanity	insanity	noun
inundation	inundation	noun
invalidation	invalidation	noun
inveterate	inveterate	verb:simple_present+
inveterates	inveterate	verb:simple_present+
inveterated	inveterate	verb:simple_past+
inveterated	inveterate	verb:past_participle+
inveterating	inveterate	verb:present_participle+
inveterate	inveterate	adjective
irreversible	irreversible	adjective
irradiation	irradiation	noun
isolation	isolation	noun
immoderate	immoderate	adjective
immodest	immodest	adjective
intensify	intensify	verb:simple_present+
intensifies	intensify	verb:simple_present+
intensified	intensify	verb:simple_past+
intensified	intensify	verb:past_participle+
intensifying	intensify	verb:present_participle+
inwreathe	inwreathe	verb:simple_present+
inwreathes	inwreathe	verb:simple_present+
inwreathed	inwreathe	verb:simple_past+
inwreathed	inwreathe	verb:past_participle+
inwreathing	inwreathe	verb:present_participle+
ingrate	ingrate	adjective
ingrate	ingrate	noun
ingrateful	ingrateful	adjective
intensity	intensity	noun
impression	impression	noun
impressions	impression	noun:plural
iconophile	iconophile	noun
insignitor	insignitor	noun
impolite	impolite	adjective
impolite	impolite	adverbe
impolite	impolite	noun
introduction	introduction	noun
infra	infra	adverbe
ignorance	ignorance	noun
inertia	inertia	noun
international	international	adjective
iguana	iguana	noun
idiosyncrasy	idiosyncrasy	noun
irrelevant	irrelevant	adjective
imperium	imperium	noun
intrepid	intrepid	adjective
intelligence	intelligence	noun
indices	indices	noun
interested	interested	adjective
illegible	illegible	adjective
instantaneously	instantaneously	adverbe
instantaneous	instantaneous	adjective
impeach	impeach	verb:simple_present+
impeachs	impeach	verb:simple_present+
impeached	impeach	verb:simple_past+
impeached	impeach	verb:past_participle+
impeaching	impeach	verb:present_participle+
impeaching	impeach	verb:present_participle
internationalization	internationalization	noun
invision	invision	noun
ichabod	ichabod	proper noun
ichabod	ichabod	interjection
interrobang	interrobang	noun
iPod	iPod	proper noun
iPods	iPod	proper noun:plural
innocent	innocent	adjective
initiate	initiate	noun
initiate	initiate	verb:simple_present+
initiates	initiate	verb:simple_present+
initiated	initiate	verb:simple_past+
initiated	initiate	verb:past_participle+
initiating	initiate	verb:present_participle+
intrusion	intrusion	noun
inclusion	inclusion	noun
item	item	noun
items	item	noun:plural
indivisible	indivisible	adjective
inseparable	inseparable	adjective
irk	irk	verb:simple_present+transitive
irks	irk	verb:simple_present+transitive
irked	irk	verb:simple_past+transitive
irked	irk	verb:past_participle+transitive
irking	irk	verb:present_participle+transitive
immobile	immobile	adjective
invariant	invariant	adjective
illusionist	illusionist	noun
identical	identical	adjective
infomercial	infomercial	noun
instance	instance	noun
indolence	indolence	noun
ishko	ishko	verb:simple_present+
ishkoes	ishko	verb:simple_present+
ishkoed	ishko	verb:simple_past+
ishkoed	ishko	verb:past_participle+
ishkoing	ishko	verb:present_participle+
ithana	ithana	verb:simple_present+
ithanas	ithana	verb:simple_present+
ithanad	ithana	verb:simple_past+
ithanad	ithana	verb:past_participle+
ithaning	ithana	verb:present_participle+
itolummi	itolummi	verb:simple_present+
itolummis	itolummi	verb:simple_present+
itolummied	itolummi	verb:simple_past+
itolummied	itolummi	verb:past_participle+
itolummiing	itolummi	verb:present_participle+
ittola	ittola	verb:simple_present+
ittolas	ittola	verb:simple_present+
ittolad	ittola	verb:simple_past+
ittolad	ittola	verb:past_participle+
ittoling	ittola	verb:present_participle+
ide	ide	noun
ides	ide	noun:plural
ikana	ikana	noun
ilbuk	ilbuk	noun
ilbukoshi	ilbukoshi	noun
ishki	ishki	noun
inki	inki	noun
inkanomi	inkanomi	noun
inappropriate	inappropriate	adjective
immaculate	immaculate	adjective
impeccable	impeccable	adjective
interim	interim	adjective
interim	interim	noun
Iberia	Iberia	proper noun
instinct	instinct	noun
instincts	instinct	noun:plural
irony	irony	noun
iterate	iterate	verb:simple_present+
iterates	iterate	verb:simple_present+
iterated	iterate	verb:simple_past+
iterated	iterate	verb:past_participle+
iterating	iterate	verb:present_participle+
inexorable	inexorable	adjective
incredulous	incredulous	adjective
incredulousness	incredulousness	noun
iesu	iesu	noun
icecap	icecap	noun
immund	immund	adjective
inverness	inverness	proper noun
interpolate	interpolate	verb:simple_present+
interpolates	interpolate	verb:simple_present+
interpolated	interpolate	verb:simple_past+
interpolated	interpolate	verb:past_participle+
interpolating	interpolate	verb:present_participle+
inborn	inborn	adjective
irregardless	irregardless	adjective
iberian	iberian	noun
impurity	impurity	noun
impurities	impurity	noun:plural
isolate	isolate	verb:simple_present+transitive
isolates	isolate	verb:simple_present+transitive
isolated	isolate	verb:simple_past+transitive
isolated	isolate	verb:past_participle+transitive
isolating	isolate	verb:present_participle+transitive
isolate	isolate	noun
itch	itch	noun
itch	itch	verb:simple_present+
itchs	itch	verb:simple_present+
itched	itch	verb:simple_past+
itched	itch	verb:past_participle+
itching	itch	verb:present_participle+
itching	itch	verb:present_participle
ivy	ivy	noun
inventor	inventor	noun
incubate	incubate	verb:simple_present+transitive
incubates	incubate	verb:simple_present+transitive
incubated	incubate	verb:simple_past+transitive
incubated	incubate	verb:past_participle+transitive
incubating	incubate	verb:present_participle+transitive
intarweb	intarweb	noun
illness	illness	noun
icing	icing	noun
imitable	imitable	adjective
indigent	indigent	noun
indigent	indigent	adjective
inspector	inspector	noun
idiomatic	idiomatic	adjective
incandescent	incandescent	adjective
improbable	improbable	adjective
intransitive	intransitive	adjective
inert	inert	adjective
ilokano	ilokano	noun
ilokano	ilokano	adjective
irniq	irniq	noun
imiq	imiq	noun
imiqtuq	imiqtuq	verb:simple_present+
imiqtuqs	imiqtuq	verb:simple_present+
???	imiqtuq	verb:simple_past+
???	imiqtuq	verb:past_participle+
???	imiqtuq	verb:present_participle+
igliq	igliq	noun
irmiut	irmiut	noun
ipirautaq	ipirautaq	noun
imaq	imaq	noun
iqaluk	iqaluk	noun
ii	ii	interjection
immaqaa	immaqaa	adverbe
iji	iji	noun
ippaksaq	ippaksaq	noun
improve	improve	verb:simple_present+
improves	improve	verb:simple_present+
improved	improve	verb:simple_past+
improved	improve	verb:past_participle+
improving	improve	verb:present_participle+
improve	improve	verb:simple_present+transitive
improves	improve	verb:simple_present+transitive
improved	improve	verb:simple_past+transitive
improved	improve	verb:past_participle+transitive
improving	improve	verb:present_participle+transitive
improve	improve	verb:simple_present+intransitive
improves	improve	verb:simple_present+intransitive
improved	improve	verb:simple_past+intransitive
improved	improve	verb:past_participle+intransitive
improving	improve	verb:present_participle+intransitive
informal	informal	adjective
irises	irises	noun
issue	issue	noun
issues	issue	noun:plural
issue	issue	verb:simple_present+
issues	issue	verb:simple_present+
issued	issue	verb:simple_past+
issued	issue	verb:past_participle+
issuing	issue	verb:present_participle+
inhabit	inhabit	verb:simple_present+
inhabits	inhabit	verb:simple_present+
???	inhabit	verb:simple_past+
???	inhabit	verb:past_participle+
???	inhabit	verb:present_participle+
Irak	Irak	noun
intelligentsia	intelligentsia	noun
invincible	invincible	noun
invincible	invincible	adjective
islander	islander	noun
islanders	islander	noun:plural
isle	isle	noun
isles	isle	noun:plural
instructive	instructive	adjective
itinerant	itinerant	noun
itinerant	itinerant	adjective
ingress	ingress	noun
interface	interface	noun
importance	importance	noun
iconstasis	iconstasis	noun
institution	institution	noun
institutions	institution	noun:plural
involve	involve	verb:simple_present+
involves	involve	verb:simple_present+
involved	involve	verb:simple_past+
involved	involve	verb:past_participle+
involving	involve	verb:present_participle+
inverecund	inverecund	adjective
impugn	impugn	verb:simple_present+transitive
impugns	impugn	verb:simple_present+transitive
impugned	impugn	verb:simple_past+transitive
impugned	impugn	verb:past_participle+transitive
impugning	impugn	verb:present_participle+transitive
impugning	impugn	verb:present_participle
imperialism	imperialism	noun
imperil	imperil	verb:simple_present+transitive
imperils	imperil	verb:simple_present+transitive
imperiled	imperil	verb:simple_past+transitive
imperiled	imperil	verb:past_participle+transitive
imperiling	imperil	verb:present_participle+transitive
imperilling	imperil	verb:present_participle
interline	interline	adjective
illustrate	illustrate	verb:simple_present+
illustrates	illustrate	verb:simple_present+
illustrated	illustrate	verb:simple_past+
illustrated	illustrate	verb:past_participle+
illustrating	illustrate	verb:present_participle+
illustrate	illustrate	verb:simple_present+transitive
illustrates	illustrate	verb:simple_present+transitive
illustrated	illustrate	verb:simple_past+transitive
illustrated	illustrate	verb:past_participle+transitive
illustrating	illustrate	verb:present_participle+transitive
Ionawr	Ionawr	proper noun
Iowa	Iowa	proper noun
Idaho	Idaho	proper noun
Illinois	Illinois	proper noun
Indiana	Indiana	proper noun
insult	insult	verb:simple_present+transitive
insults	insult	verb:simple_present+transitive
insulted	insult	verb:simple_past+transitive
insulted	insult	verb:past_participle+transitive
insulting	insult	verb:present_participle+transitive
insult	insult	noun
impatiens	impatiens	noun
idempotent	idempotent	adjective
idiopathic	idiopathic	adjective
incompossible	incompossible	adjective
inebriated	inebriated	adjective
interesting	interesting	adjective
impregnate	impregnate	verb:simple_present+transitive
impregnates	impregnate	verb:simple_present+transitive
impregnated	impregnate	verb:simple_past+transitive
impregnated	impregnate	verb:past_participle+transitive
impregnating	impregnate	verb:present_participle+transitive
istimilhaalo	istimilhaalo	noun
istimila	istimila	verb:simple_present+
istimilas	istimila	verb:simple_present+
istimilad	istimila	verb:simple_past+
istimilad	istimila	verb:past_participle+
istimiling	istimila	verb:present_participle+
ishto	ishto	adjective
ishkobo	ishkobo	noun
isbakko	isbakko	noun
inland	inland	adjective
inland	inland	noun
inland	inland	adverbe
indication	indication	noun
instruction	instruction	noun
instructions	instruction	noun:plural
indoors	indoors	adverbe
indoor	indoor	adjective
indict	indict	verb:simple_present+
indicts	indict	verb:simple_present+
indicted	indict	verb:simple_past+
indicted	indict	verb:past_participle+
indicting	indict	verb:present_participle+
imperious	imperious	adjective
intransigence	intransigence	noun
illegitimate	illegitimate	adjective
inexperienced	inexperienced	adjective
idle	idle	adjective
idle	idle	verb:simple_present+
idles	idle	verb:simple_present+
idled	idle	verb:simple_past+
idled	idle	verb:past_participle+
idling	idle	verb:present_participle+
innings	innings	noun
instant	instant	noun
instants	instant	noun:plural
instant	instant	adjective
intimate	intimate	adjective
intimate	intimate	noun
intimates	intimate	noun:plural
intimate	intimate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
intimates	intimate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
intimated	intimate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
intimated	intimate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
intimating	intimate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
isotope	isotope	noun
indulgence	indulgence	noun
indulgence	indulgence	verb:simple_present+transitive
indulgences	indulgence	verb:simple_present+transitive
indulgenced	indulgence	verb:simple_past+transitive
indulgenced	indulgence	verb:past_participle+transitive
indulgencing	indulgence	verb:present_participle+transitive
irrefutable	irrefutable	adjective
ignoramus	ignoramus	noun
intercontinental	intercontinental	adjective
iawn	iawn	noun
iawn	iawn	adjective
imagine	imagine	verb:simple_present+
imagines	imagine	verb:simple_present+
imagined	imagine	verb:simple_past+
imagined	imagine	verb:past_participle+
imagining	imagine	verb:present_participle+
isotach	isotach	noun
isopleth	isopleth	noun
isobar	isobar	noun
isotherm	isotherm	noun
isodrosotherm	isodrosotherm	noun
isogon	isogon	noun
isohyet	isohyet	noun
isoquant	isoquant	noun
isogloss	isogloss	noun
illogical	illogical	adjective
inpok	inpok	noun
indebtedness	indebtedness	noun
interstice	interstice	noun
interstices	interstice	noun:plural
iambic	iambic	adjective
ichthyosaurus	ichthyosaurus	noun
irene	irene	proper noun
iridescent	iridescent	adjective
isometric	isometric	adjective
isometric	isometric	noun
isometrics	isometric	noun:plural
isthmus	isthmus	noun
impute	impute	verb:simple_present+
imputes	impute	verb:simple_present+
imputed	impute	verb:simple_past+
imputed	impute	verb:past_participle+
imputing	impute	verb:present_participle+
ides	ides	noun
illegal	illegal	adjective
inca	inca	noun
impotent	impotent	adjective
infrastructure	infrastructure	noun
insectoid	insectoid	adjective
insectoid	insectoid	noun
impudent	impudent	adjective
impulsive	impulsive	adjective
immunoelectrophoresis	immunoelectrophoresis	noun
irritable	irritable	adjective
inspissate	inspissate	verb:simple_present+
inspissates	inspissate	verb:simple_present+
inspissated	inspissate	verb:simple_past+
inspissated	inspissate	verb:past_participle+
inspissating	inspissate	verb:present_participle+
inspissate	inspissate	noun
insinuate	insinuate	verb:simple_present+
insinuates	insinuate	verb:simple_present+
insinuated	insinuate	verb:simple_past+
insinuated	insinuate	verb:past_participle+
insinuating	insinuate	verb:present_participle+
incite	incite	verb:simple_present+
incites	incite	verb:simple_present+
incited	incite	verb:simple_past+
incited	incite	verb:past_participle+
inciting	incite	verb:present_participle+
introduce	introduce	verb:simple_present+
introduces	introduce	verb:simple_present+
introduced	introduce	verb:simple_past+
introduced	introduce	verb:past_participle+
introducing	introduce	verb:present_participle+
invite	invite	verb:simple_present+transitive
invites	invite	verb:simple_present+transitive
invited	invite	verb:simple_past+transitive
invited	invite	verb:past_participle+transitive
inviting	invite	verb:present_participle+transitive
invite	invite	noun
inorganic	inorganic	adjective
iconography	iconography	noun
iconographies	iconography	noun:plural
intensifier	intensifier	noun
intensifiers	intensifier	noun:plural
ideologue	ideologue	noun
imitate	imitate	verb:simple_present+
imitates	imitate	verb:simple_present+
imitated	imitate	verb:simple_past+
imitated	imitate	verb:past_participle+
imitating	imitate	verb:present_participle+
immediately	immediately	adverbe
imprison	imprison	verb:simple_present+
imprisons	imprison	verb:simple_present+
???	imprison	verb:simple_past+
???	imprison	verb:past_participle+
???	imprison	verb:present_participle+
intrigue	intrigue	noun
intrigue	intrigue	verb:simple_present+
intrigues	intrigue	verb:simple_present+
intrigued	intrigue	verb:simple_past+
intrigued	intrigue	verb:past_participle+
intriguing	intrigue	verb:present_participle+
intergalactic	intergalactic	adjective
invade	invade	verb:simple_present+transitive
invades	invade	verb:simple_present+transitive
invaded	invade	verb:simple_past+transitive
invaded	invade	verb:past_participle+transitive
invading	invade	verb:present_participle+transitive
impetus	impetus	noun
insuperable	insuperable	adjective
institute	institute	noun
institute	institute	verb:simple_present+transitive
institutes	institute	verb:simple_present+transitive
instituted	institute	verb:simple_past+transitive
instituted	institute	verb:past_participle+transitive
instituting	institute	verb:present_participle+transitive
interview	interview	noun
interview	interview	verb:simple_present+
interviews	interview	verb:simple_present+
interviewed	interview	verb:simple_past+
interviewed	interview	verb:past_participle+
interviewing	interview	verb:present_participle+
intention	intention	noun
irate	irate	adjective
irenic	irenic	adjective
impotence	impotence	noun
ingratiate	ingratiate	verb:simple_present+
ingratiates	ingratiate	verb:simple_present+
ingratiated	ingratiate	verb:simple_past+
ingratiated	ingratiate	verb:past_participle+
ingratiating	ingratiate	verb:present_participle+
impawn	impawn	verb:simple_present+transitive
impawns	impawn	verb:simple_present+transitive
impawned	impawn	verb:simple_past+transitive
impawned	impawn	verb:past_participle+transitive
impawning	impawn	verb:present_participle+transitive
impawning	impawn	verb:present_participle
impeachment	impeachment	noun
inclination	inclination	noun
incline	incline	verb:simple_present+
inclines	incline	verb:simple_present+
inclined	incline	verb:simple_past+
inclined	incline	verb:past_participle+
inclining	incline	verb:present_participle+
initially	initially	adverbe
initial	initial	adjective
initial	initial	noun
initials	initial	noun:plural
initial	initial	verb:simple_present+transitive
initials	initial	verb:simple_present+transitive
initialed	initial	verb:simple_past+transitive
initialed	initial	verb:past_participle+transitive
initialing	initial	verb:present_participle+transitive
initialing	initial	verb:present_participle
intrinsic	intrinsic	adjective
incentre	incentre	noun
incircle	incircle	noun
invigilator	invigilator	noun
inebriate	inebriate	verb:simple_present+
inebriates	inebriate	verb:simple_present+
inebriated	inebriate	verb:simple_past+
inebriated	inebriate	verb:past_participle+
inebriating	inebriate	verb:present_participle+
intoxicate	intoxicate	verb:simple_present+
intoxicates	intoxicate	verb:simple_present+
intoxicated	intoxicate	verb:simple_past+
intoxicated	intoxicate	verb:past_participle+
intoxicating	intoxicate	verb:present_participle+
incapacitate	incapacitate	verb:simple_present+
incapacitates	incapacitate	verb:simple_present+
incapacitated	incapacitate	verb:simple_past+
incapacitated	incapacitate	verb:past_participle+
incapacitating	incapacitate	verb:present_participle+
incapable	incapable	adjective
impair	impair	verb:simple_present+
impairs	impair	verb:simple_present+
impaired	impair	verb:simple_past+
impaired	impair	verb:past_participle+
impairing	impair	verb:present_participle+
impinge	impinge	verb:simple_present+
impinges	impinge	verb:simple_present+
impinged	impinge	verb:simple_past+
impinged	impinge	verb:past_participle+
impinging	impinge	verb:present_participle+
idiosyncratic	idiosyncratic	adjective
intangible	intangible	adjective
intangible	intangible	noun
immaturity	immaturity	noun
inactive	inactive	adjective
illiterate	illiterate	adjective
insist	insist	verb:simple_present+
insists	insist	verb:simple_present+
insisted	insist	verb:simple_past+
insisted	insist	verb:past_participle+
insisting	insist	verb:present_participle+
icicle	icicle	noun
irresolute	irresolute	adjective
impassive	impassive	adjective
inner	inner	adjective
inner	inner	noun
innovative	innovative	adjective
insufflation	insufflation	noun
intermittent	intermittent	adjective
intermittently	intermittently	adverbe
incorrect	incorrect	adjective
inductee	inductee	noun
infraorder	infraorder	noun
incentive	incentive	noun
intentional	intentional	adjective
Insecta	Insecta	proper noun
invasion	invasion	noun
Irishman	Irishman	proper noun
ichthyology	ichthyology	noun
ichthyic	ichthyic	adjective
ichthyological	ichthyological	adjective
insulate	insulate	verb:simple_present+
insulates	insulate	verb:simple_present+
insulated	insulate	verb:simple_past+
insulated	insulate	verb:past_participle+
insulating	insulate	verb:present_participle+
interlocutor	interlocutor	noun
intruder	intruder	noun
intrude	intrude	verb:simple_present+
intrudes	intrude	verb:simple_present+
intruded	intrude	verb:simple_past+
intruded	intrude	verb:past_participle+
intruding	intrude	verb:present_participle+
implore	implore	verb:simple_present+
implores	implore	verb:simple_present+
implored	implore	verb:simple_past+
implored	implore	verb:past_participle+
imploring	implore	verb:present_participle+
implicate	implicate	verb:simple_present+
implicates	implicate	verb:simple_present+
implicated	implicate	verb:simple_past+
implicated	implicate	verb:past_participle+
implicating	implicate	verb:present_participle+
informer	informer	noun
infraclass	infraclass	noun
indiscriminate	indiscriminate	adjective
impersonator	impersonator	noun
impulsivity	impulsivity	noun
indefatigably	indefatigably	adjective
irrefragable	irrefragable	adjective
intersect	intersect	verb:simple_present+
intersects	intersect	verb:simple_present+
intersected	intersect	verb:simple_past+
intersected	intersect	verb:past_participle+
intersecting	intersect	verb:present_participle+
infection	infection	noun
infections	infection	noun:plural
ithe	ithe	verb:simple_present+
ithes	ithe	verb:simple_present+
ithed	ithe	verb:simple_past+
ithed	ithe	verb:past_participle+
ithing	ithe	verb:present_participle+
ite	ite	verb:simple_present+
ites	ite	verb:simple_present+
ited	ite	verb:simple_past+
ited	ite	verb:past_participle+
iting	ite	verb:present_participle+
ith	ith	verb:simple_present+
iths	ith	verb:simple_present+
ithed	ith	verb:simple_past+
ithed	ith	verb:past_participle+
ithing	ith	verb:present_participle+
isteach	isteach	adverbe
intervenor	intervenor	noun
italicize	italicize	verb:simple_present+
italicizes	italicize	verb:simple_present+
italicized	italicize	verb:simple_past+
italicized	italicize	verb:past_participle+
italicizing	italicize	verb:present_participle+
isomeric	isomeric	adjective
imaginative	imaginative	adjective
inventive	inventive	adjective
infre	infre	preposition
irar	irar	verb:simple_present+
irars	irar	verb:simple_present+
???	irar	verb:simple_past+
???	irar	verb:past_participle+
???	irar	verb:present_participle+
ibe	ibe	adverbe
impromptu	impromptu	adjective
install	install	verb:simple_present+transitive
installs	install	verb:simple_present+transitive
installed	install	verb:simple_past+transitive
installed	install	verb:past_participle+transitive
installing	install	verb:present_participle+transitive
infancy	infancy	noun
infancies	infancy	noun:plural
insert	insert	verb:simple_present+
inserts	insert	verb:simple_present+
inserted	insert	verb:simple_past+
inserted	insert	verb:past_participle+
inserting	insert	verb:present_participle+
inflict	inflict	verb:simple_present+
inflicts	inflict	verb:simple_present+
inflicted	inflict	verb:simple_past+
inflicted	inflict	verb:past_participle+
inflicting	inflict	verb:present_participle+
insulo	insulo	noun
instruktar	instruktar	verb:simple_present+
instruktars	instruktar	verb:simple_present+
???	instruktar	verb:simple_past+
???	instruktar	verb:past_participle+
???	instruktar	verb:present_participle+
infraction	infraction	noun
insufficient	insufficient	adjective
impasse	impasse	noun
instar	instar	noun
infield	infield	noun
infield	infield	adjective
infrared	infrared	noun
infrared	infrared	adjective
immanent	immanent	adjective
inherent	inherent	adjective
imithe	imithe	verb:simple_present+
imithes	imithe	verb:simple_present+
imithed	imithe	verb:simple_past+
imithed	imithe	verb:past_participle+
imithing	imithe	verb:present_participle+
indignant	indignant	adjective
immunization	immunization	noun
intuition	intuition	noun
iodoform	iodoform	noun
imeacht	imeacht	verb:simple_present+
imeachts	imeacht	verb:simple_present+
imeachted	imeacht	verb:simple_past+
imeachted	imeacht	verb:past_participle+
imeachting	imeacht	verb:present_participle+
impunity	impunity	noun
interloper	interloper	noun
interloper	interloper	proper noun
irksome	irksome	adjective
inhibit	inhibit	verb:simple_present+
inhibits	inhibit	verb:simple_present+
inhibited	inhibit	verb:simple_past+
inhibited	inhibit	verb:past_participle+
inhibiting	inhibit	verb:present_participle+
inhibiting	inhibit	verb:present_participle
interoperate	interoperate	verb:simple_present+
interoperates	interoperate	verb:simple_present+
interoperated	interoperate	verb:simple_past+
interoperated	interoperate	verb:past_participle+
interoperating	interoperate	verb:present_participle+
iracoza	iracoza	adjective
injustice	injustice	noun
influential	influential	adjective
increasingly	increasingly	adverbe
infotainment	infotainment	noun
immobility	immobility	noun
impend	impend	verb:simple_present+
impends	impend	verb:simple_present+
impended	impend	verb:simple_past+
impended	impend	verb:past_participle+
impending	impend	verb:present_participle+
impending	impend	verb:present_participle
implement	implement	noun
implements	implement	noun:plural
implement	implement	verb:simple_present+
implements	implement	verb:simple_present+
implemented	implement	verb:simple_past+
implemented	implement	verb:past_participle+
implementing	implement	verb:present_participle+
implementing	implement	verb:present_participle
imminent	imminent	adjective
intermud	intermud	noun
inform	inform	verb:simple_present+transitive
informs	inform	verb:simple_present+transitive
informed	inform	verb:simple_past+transitive
informed	inform	verb:past_participle+transitive
informing	inform	verb:present_participle+transitive
inform	inform	verb:simple_present+intransitive
informs	inform	verb:simple_present+intransitive
informed	inform	verb:simple_past+intransitive
informed	inform	verb:past_participle+intransitive
informing	inform	verb:present_participle+intransitive
irritate	irritate	verb:simple_present+transitive
irritates	irritate	verb:simple_present+transitive
irritated	irritate	verb:simple_past+transitive
irritated	irritate	verb:past_participle+transitive
irritating	irritate	verb:present_participle+transitive
irritate	irritate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
irritates	irritate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
irritated	irritate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
irritated	irritate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
irritating	irritate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
interlocution	interlocution	noun
inglenook	inglenook	noun
incoherent	incoherent	adjective
intelligible	intelligible	adjective
idiolect	idiolect	noun
idiolects	idiolect	noun:plural
ingredient	ingredient	noun
ingredients	ingredient	noun:plural
impost	impost	noun
impost	impost	noun
insular	insular	adjective
intercept	intercept	verb:simple_present+transitive
intercepts	intercept	verb:simple_present+transitive
intercepted	intercept	verb:simple_past+transitive
intercepted	intercept	verb:past_participle+transitive
intercepting	intercept	verb:present_participle+transitive
intercept	intercept	noun
interlude	interlude	noun
inurn	inurn	verb:simple_present+transitive
inurns	inurn	verb:simple_present+transitive
inurned	inurn	verb:simple_past+transitive
inurned	inurn	verb:past_participle+transitive
inurning	inurn	verb:present_participle+transitive
imputation	imputation	noun
irukandji	irukandji	proper noun
irukandji	irukandji	noun
incompleteness	incompleteness	noun
iskigamizige-giizis	iskigamizige-giizis	noun
interruption	interruption	noun
interruptions	interruption	noun:plural
interrupt	interrupt	verb:simple_present+
interrupts	interrupt	verb:simple_present+
interrupted	interrupt	verb:simple_past+
interrupted	interrupt	verb:past_participle+
interrupting	interrupt	verb:present_participle+
interrupting	interrupt	verb:present_participle
interrupt	interrupt	noun
interfere	interfere	verb:simple_present+
interferes	interfere	verb:simple_present+
interfered	interfere	verb:simple_past+
interfered	interfere	verb:past_participle+
interfering	interfere	verb:present_participle+
immeasurable	immeasurable	adjective
inswing	inswing	noun
inswing	inswing	adjective
ill-advised	ill-advised	adjective
inanimate	inanimate	noun
inflorescence	inflorescence	noun
ieuw	ieuw	noun
inadvisable	inadvisable	adjective
importune	importune	verb:simple_present+
importunes	importune	verb:simple_present+
importuned	importune	verb:simple_past+
importuned	importune	verb:past_participle+
importuning	importune	verb:present_participle+
importunate	importunate	adjective
iskigamizige	iskigamizige	verb:simple_present+
iskigamiziges	iskigamizige	verb:simple_present+
iskigamiziged	iskigamizige	verb:simple_past+
iskigamiziged	iskigamizige	verb:past_participle+
iskigamiziging	iskigamizige	verb:present_participle+
illuminate	illuminate	verb:simple_present+
illuminates	illuminate	verb:simple_present+
illuminated	illuminate	verb:simple_past+
illuminated	illuminate	verb:past_participle+
illuminating	illuminate	verb:present_participle+
illuminate	illuminate	noun
inscription	inscription	noun
inedible	inedible	adjective
inane	inane	adjective
intransigent	intransigent	adjective
inosculate	inosculate	verb:simple_present+transitive
inosculates	inosculate	verb:simple_present+transitive
inosculated	inosculate	verb:simple_past+transitive
inosculated	inosculate	verb:past_participle+transitive
inosculating	inosculate	verb:present_participle+transitive
inosculate	inosculate	noun
interviewee	interviewee	noun
inconsistency	inconsistency	noun
italic	italic	noun
italics	italic	noun:plural
italic	italic	adjective
inconsistent	inconsistent	adjective
identikit	identikit	noun
icker	icker	noun
instruct	instruct	verb:simple_present+transitive
instructs	instruct	verb:simple_present+transitive
instructed	instruct	verb:simple_past+transitive
instructed	instruct	verb:past_participle+transitive
instructing	instruct	verb:present_participle+transitive
impervious	impervious	adjective
improvident	improvident	adjective
improvident	improvident	noun
improvident	improvident	adverbe
infantilism	infantilism	noun
infantilist	infantilist	noun
izzard	izzard	noun
importantly	importantly	adverbe
irreverent	irreverent	adjective
indescribable	indescribable	adjective
interstellar	interstellar	adjective
interplanetary	interplanetary	adjective
integrate	integrate	verb:simple_present+
integrates	integrate	verb:simple_present+
integrated	integrate	verb:simple_past+
integrated	integrate	verb:past_participle+
integrating	integrate	verb:present_participle+
isomerism	isomerism	noun
insidious	insidious	adjective
interwar	interwar	adjective
illiberal	illiberal	adjective
ignite	ignite	verb:simple_present+
ignites	ignite	verb:simple_present+
ignited	ignite	verb:simple_past+
ignited	ignite	verb:past_participle+
igniting	ignite	verb:present_participle+
ingestion	ingestion	noun
instantly	instantly	adverbe
inkling	inkling	noun
innuendoes	innuendoes	noun
insectivorous	insectivorous	adjective
insignificant	insignificant	adjective
intoxicating	intoxicating	adjective
isoprene	isoprene	noun
incognito	incognito	adjective
incognito	incognito	noun
izaayo	izaayo	noun
indole	indole	noun
inamorata	inamorata	noun
impiety	impiety	noun
impious	impious	adjective
indomitable	indomitable	adjective
inveigle	inveigle	verb:simple_present+transitive
inveigles	inveigle	verb:simple_present+transitive
inveigled	inveigle	verb:simple_past+transitive
inveigled	inveigle	verb:past_participle+transitive
inveigling	inveigle	verb:present_participle+transitive
Ian	Ian	proper noun
ikinyugunyugu	ikinyugunyugu	noun
ineffectual	ineffectual	adjective
isometry	isometry	noun
inflatio	inflatio	noun
Indianapolis	Indianapolis	proper noun
imparipinnate	imparipinnate	adjective
improvement	improvement	noun
improvements	improvement	noun:plural
imprecise	imprecise	adjective
indo-Iranian	indo-Iranian	noun
indo-Iranian	indo-Iranian	adjective
inadvertency	inadvertency	noun
impromanga	impromanga	proper noun
influx	influx	noun
inward	inward	adjective
impede	impede	verb:simple_present+
impedes	impede	verb:simple_present+
impeded	impede	verb:simple_past+
impeded	impede	verb:past_participle+
impeding	impede	verb:present_participle+
ilium	ilium	noun
Indus	Indus	proper noun
induce	induce	verb:simple_present+
induces	induce	verb:simple_present+
induced	induce	verb:simple_past+
induced	induce	verb:past_participle+
inducing	induce	verb:present_participle+
italicise	italicise	verb:simple_present+
italicises	italicise	verb:simple_present+
italicised	italicise	verb:simple_past+
italicised	italicise	verb:past_participle+
italicising	italicise	verb:present_participle+
inimical	inimical	adjective
inscrutable	inscrutable	adjective
installed	installed	verb:simple_present+
installeds	installed	verb:simple_present+
???	installed	verb:simple_past+
???	installed	verb:past_participle+
???	installed	verb:present_participle+
isotropic	isotropic	adjective
infinitesimal	infinitesimal	adjective
infinitesimal	infinitesimal	noun
isotropy	isotropy	noun
involvement	involvement	noun
invited	invited	verb:simple_present+
inviteds	invited	verb:simple_present+
???	invited	verb:simple_past+
???	invited	verb:past_participle+
???	invited	verb:present_participle+
invalid	invalid	adjective
invalid	invalid	noun
invalids	invalid	noun:plural
immensurable	immensurable	adjective
implemented	implemented	verb:simple_present+
implementeds	implemented	verb:simple_present+
???	implemented	verb:simple_past+
???	implemented	verb:past_participle+
???	implemented	verb:present_participle+
insulated	insulated	adjective
inhalant	inhalant	adjective
inhalant	inhalant	noun
inconspicuous	inconspicuous	adjective
insomnia	insomnia	noun
intel	intel	proper noun
intel	intel	noun
in-flight	in-flight	adjective
incredible	incredible	adjective
Irving	Irving	proper noun
infantry	infantry	noun
infantries	infantry	noun:plural
interference	interference	noun
industrialize	industrialize	verb:simple_present+
industrializes	industrialize	verb:simple_present+
industrialized	industrialize	verb:simple_past+
industrialized	industrialize	verb:past_participle+
industrializing	industrialize	verb:present_participle+
ionic	ionic	adjective
implausible	implausible	adjective
intricate	intricate	adjective
implementation	implementation	noun
inadvertent	inadvertent	adjective
interpreted	interpreted	verb:simple_present+
interpreteds	interpreted	verb:simple_present+
???	interpreted	verb:simple_past+
???	interpreted	verb:past_participle+
???	interpreted	verb:present_participle+
interpret	interpret	verb:simple_present+
interprets	interpret	verb:simple_present+
interpreted	interpret	verb:simple_past+
interpreted	interpret	verb:past_participle+
???	interpret	verb:present_participle+
interaction	interaction	noun
interactions	interaction	noun:plural
improvements	improvements	noun
internationally	internationally	adverbe
introductory	introductory	adjective
inspect	inspect	verb:simple_present+
inspects	inspect	verb:simple_present+
inspected	inspect	verb:simple_past+
inspected	inspect	verb:past_participle+
inspecting	inspect	verb:present_participle+
interchangeably	interchangeably	adverbe
indirect	indirect	adjective
idyllic	idyllic	adjective
incarnadine	incarnadine	noun
incarnadine	incarnadine	adjective
introspect	introspect	verb:simple_present+intransitive
introspects	introspect	verb:simple_present+intransitive
introspected	introspect	verb:simple_past+intransitive
introspected	introspect	verb:past_participle+intransitive
introspecting	introspect	verb:present_participle+intransitive
improvise	improvise	verb:simple_present+transitive
improvises	improvise	verb:simple_present+transitive
improvised	improvise	verb:simple_past+transitive
improvised	improvise	verb:past_participle+transitive
improvising	improvise	verb:present_participle+transitive
improvise	improvise	verb:simple_present+transitive
improvises	improvise	verb:simple_present+transitive
improvised	improvise	verb:simple_past+transitive
improvised	improvise	verb:past_participle+transitive
improvising	improvise	verb:present_participle+transitive
Inuk	Inuk	proper noun
immersion	immersion	noun
ionizing	ionizing	adjective
ingenuity	ingenuity	noun
inertial	inertial	adjective
invariance	invariance	noun
impartial	impartial	adjective
imbricate	imbricate	adjective
imbricate	imbricate	verb:simple_present+
imbricates	imbricate	verb:simple_present+
imbricated	imbricate	verb:simple_past+
imbricated	imbricate	verb:past_participle+
imbricating	imbricate	verb:present_participle+
irons	irons	noun
independently	independently	adverbe
intermediate	intermediate	adjective
intermediate	intermediate	noun
intermediate	intermediate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
intermediates	intermediate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
intermediated	intermediate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
intermediated	intermediate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
intermediating	intermediate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
incus	incus	noun
intermolecular	intermolecular	adjective
intramolecular	intramolecular	adjective
inexorably	inexorably	adverbe
inexorability	inexorability	noun
I	I	noun
Is	I	noun:plural
I	I	nominative pronoun
I	I	personal pronoun
I	I	personal pronoun:singular first person
Ido	Ido	proper noun
Ido	Ido	proper noun
Io	Io	proper noun
Ira	Ira	proper noun
Island	Island	noun
Island	Island	proper noun
Islanti	Islanti	proper noun
Ivy	Ivy	proper noun
inundate	inundate	verb:simple_present+
inundates	inundate	verb:simple_present+
inundated	inundate	verb:simple_past+
inundated	inundate	verb:past_participle+
inundating	inundate	verb:present_participle+
insure	insure	verb:simple_present+
insures	insure	verb:simple_present+
insured	insure	verb:simple_past+
insured	insure	verb:past_participle+
insuring	insure	verb:present_participle+
irrelevance	irrelevance	noun
incomprehensible	incomprehensible	adjective
infernal	infernal	adjective
idiosyncracy	idiosyncracy	noun
idiosyncracies	idiosyncracy	noun:plural
infarction	infarction	noun
infarctions	infarction	noun:plural
ischium	ischium	noun
Iapetus	Iapetus	proper noun
ibuprofen	ibuprofen	noun
interlocutory	interlocutory	adjective
interlining	interlining	noun
ingle	ingle	noun
inspection	inspection	noun
inspections	inspection	noun:plural
interdict	interdict	verb:simple_present+
interdicts	interdict	verb:simple_present+
interdicted	interdict	verb:simple_past+
interdicted	interdict	verb:past_participle+
interdicting	interdict	verb:present_participle+
interdicting	interdict	verb:present_participle
intermarry	intermarry	verb:simple_present+intransitive
intermarries	intermarry	verb:simple_present+intransitive
intermarried	intermarry	verb:simple_past+intransitive
intermarried	intermarry	verb:past_participle+intransitive
intermarrying	intermarry	verb:present_participle+intransitive
intermediary	intermediary	noun
intermediaries	intermediary	noun:plural
inanity	inanity	noun
Imbecilic	Imbecilic	adjective
imbecile	imbecile	noun
incisive	incisive	adjective
insolvable	insolvable	adjective
innominate	innominate	adjective
inimitable	inimitable	adjective
ipa	ipa	verb:simple_present+
ipas	ipa	verb:simple_present+
ipad	ipa	verb:simple_past+
ipad	ipa	verb:past_participle+
iping	ipa	verb:present_participle+
iridology	iridology	noun
iridologies	iridology	noun:plural
inhabited	inhabited	adjective
insipient	insipient	adjective
incriminating	incriminating	adjective
innermost	innermost	adjective
infectious	infectious	adjective
Ixion	Ixion	noun
induction	induction	noun
insincere	insincere	adjective
interlinear	interlinear	adjective
interlinear	interlinear	noun
intracase	intracase	adjective
invertase	invertase	noun
interpunct	interpunct	noun
impasto	impasto	noun
istila	istila	verb:simple_present+
istilas	istila	verb:simple_present+
istilad	istila	verb:simple_past+
istilad	istila	verb:past_participle+
istiling	istila	verb:present_participle+
Ibrahim	Ibrahim	proper noun
Ismail	Ismail	proper noun
Ishmael	Ishmael	proper noun
insiccation	insiccation	noun
Ibada	Ibada	noun
iftar	iftar	noun
ihram	ihram	noun
ijtihad	ijtihad	noun
iman	iman	noun
infitah	infitah	noun
intifada	intifada	noun
Ismaeli	Ismaeli	noun
isnad	isnad	noun
isothiocyanate	isothiocyanate	noun
ischaemia	ischaemia	noun
improv	improv	noun
inclusivism	inclusivism	noun
inclusivist	inclusivist	noun
intrapreneur	intrapreneur	noun
in-your-face	in-your-face	adjective
in-your-face	in-your-face	interjection
infringement	infringement	noun
infringements	infringement	noun:plural
isooctane	isooctane	noun
icky	icky	adjective
inopportune	inopportune	adjective
Insured	Insured	noun
inclined	inclined	adjective
indefinitely	indefinitely	adverbe
imu	imu	noun
incubare	incubare	verb:simple_present+
incubares	incubare	verb:simple_present+
incubared	incubare	verb:simple_past+
incubared	incubare	verb:past_participle+
incubaring	incubare	verb:present_participle+
inseminate	inseminate	verb:simple_present+
inseminates	inseminate	verb:simple_present+
inseminated	inseminate	verb:simple_past+
inseminated	inseminate	verb:past_participle+
inseminating	inseminate	verb:present_participle+
incessant	incessant	adjective
indexing	indexing	verb:simple_present+
indexings	indexing	verb:simple_present+
indexinged	indexing	verb:simple_past+
indexinged	indexing	verb:past_participle+
indexinging	indexing	verb:present_participle+
irie	irie	adjective
ignipuncture	ignipuncture	noun
ileus	ileus	noun
ileitis	ileitis	noun
interoperability	interoperability	noun
int.	int.	preposition
indirectly	indirectly	adverbe
infarct	infarct	noun
infarcts	infarct	noun:plural
inquired	inquired	verb:simple_present+
inquireds	inquired	verb:simple_present+
???	inquired	verb:simple_past+
???	inquired	verb:past_participle+
???	inquired	verb:present_participle+
Interpunct	Interpunct	verb:simple_present+
Interpuncts	Interpunct	verb:simple_present+
Interpuncted	Interpunct	verb:simple_past+
Interpuncted	Interpunct	verb:past_participle+
Interpuncting	Interpunct	verb:present_participle+
instigate	instigate	verb:simple_present+
instigates	instigate	verb:simple_present+
instigated	instigate	verb:simple_past+
instigated	instigate	verb:past_participle+
instigating	instigate	verb:present_participle+
inquire	inquire	verb:simple_present+
inquires	inquire	verb:simple_present+
inquired	inquire	verb:simple_past+
inquired	inquire	verb:past_participle+
inquiring	inquire	verb:present_participle+
illiteracy	illiteracy	noun
interpunctuation	interpunctuation	noun
invigorate	invigorate	verb:simple_present+
invigorates	invigorate	verb:simple_present+
invigorated	invigorate	verb:simple_past+
invigorated	invigorate	verb:past_participle+
invigorating	invigorate	verb:present_participle+
icy	icy	adjective
incisor	incisor	noun
isochronous	isochronous	adjective
ignorant	ignorant	adjective
iik	iik	interjection
inauthentic	inauthentic	adjective
involucre	involucre	noun
impressed	impressed	adjective
imprest	imprest	noun
intrauterine	intrauterine	adjective
inoffensive	inoffensive	adjective
interrogate	interrogate	verb:simple_present+
interrogates	interrogate	verb:simple_present+
interrogated	interrogate	verb:simple_past+
interrogated	interrogate	verb:past_participle+
interrogating	interrogate	verb:present_participle+
inverter	inverter	noun
inductance	inductance	noun
ionize	ionize	verb:simple_present+
ionizes	ionize	verb:simple_present+
ionized	ionize	verb:simple_past+
ionized	ionize	verb:past_participle+
ionizing	ionize	verb:present_participle+
interrupted	interrupted	verb:simple_present+
interrupteds	interrupted	verb:simple_present+
???	interrupted	verb:simple_past+
???	interrupted	verb:past_participle+
???	interrupted	verb:present_participle+
insisted	insisted	verb:simple_present+
insisteds	insisted	verb:simple_present+
???	insisted	verb:simple_past+
???	insisted	verb:past_participle+
???	insisted	verb:present_participle+
induced	induced	verb:simple_present+
induceds	induced	verb:simple_present+
???	induced	verb:simple_past+
???	induced	verb:past_participle+
???	induced	verb:present_participle+
indicated	indicated	verb:simple_present+
indicateds	indicated	verb:simple_present+
???	indicated	verb:simple_past+
???	indicated	verb:past_participle+
???	indicated	verb:present_participle+
intoxicated	intoxicated	verb:simple_present+transitive
intoxicateds	intoxicated	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	intoxicated	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	intoxicated	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	intoxicated	verb:present_participle+transitive
instructions	instructions	noun
inveil	inveil	verb:simple_present+transitive
inveils	inveil	verb:simple_present+transitive
inveiled	inveil	verb:simple_past+transitive
inveiled	inveil	verb:past_participle+transitive
inveiling	inveil	verb:present_participle+transitive
incrassation	incrassation	noun
incrassation	incrassation	noun
Itokawa	Itokawa	proper noun
imitative	imitative	adjective
intervals	intervals	noun
infielder	infielder	noun
inroads	inroads	noun
iso-octane	iso-octane	noun
infect	infect	verb:simple_present+transitive
infects	infect	verb:simple_present+transitive
infected	infect	verb:simple_past+transitive
infected	infect	verb:past_participle+transitive
infecting	infect	verb:present_participle+transitive
intimacy	intimacy	noun
intimacies	intimacy	noun:plural
innocence	innocence	noun
impairment	impairment	noun
ignosticism	ignosticism	noun
ignostic	ignostic	noun
ignostics	ignostic	noun:plural
ignostic	ignostic	adjective
iniquity	iniquity	noun
insignia	insignia	noun
impetigo	impetigo	noun
impetigos	impetigo	noun:plural
incestuous	incestuous	adjective
incestuous	incestuous	adverbe
incestuous	incestuous	noun
infestation	infestation	noun
ideals	ideals	noun
infomania	infomania	noun
immunopathological	immunopathological	adjective
ingenious	ingenious	adjective
intervocalic	intervocalic	adjective
inception	inception	noun
impediment	impediment	noun
invoke	invoke	verb:simple_present+transitive
invokes	invoke	verb:simple_present+transitive
invoked	invoke	verb:simple_past+transitive
invoked	invoke	verb:past_participle+transitive
invoking	invoke	verb:present_participle+transitive
imperfection	imperfection	noun
isomorphism	isomorphism	noun
intentionalist	intentionalist	noun
intentionalism	intentionalism	noun
inconsequentially	inconsequentially	adverbe
inconsequentiality	inconsequentiality	noun
inconsequentialness	inconsequentialness	noun
incongruous	incongruous	adjective
intrusive	intrusive	adjective
inquest	inquest	noun
inquisition	inquisition	noun
insider	insider	noun
invitee	invitee	noun
inflexible	inflexible	adjective
Inquisition	Inquisition	proper noun
interrogatory	interrogatory	noun
interrogatories	interrogatory	noun:plural
impedance	impedance	noun
isolator	isolator	noun
irregularity	irregularity	noun
inoperancy	inoperancy	noun
inoperancies	inoperancy	noun:plural
inheritance	inheritance	noun
indifference	indifference	noun
instal	instal	verb:simple_present+transitive
instals	instal	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	instal	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	instal	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	instal	verb:present_participle+transitive
indictment	indictment	noun
indemnity	indemnity	noun
inadvertently	inadvertently	adverbe
Imbrute	Imbrute	verb:simple_present+
Imbrutes	Imbrute	verb:simple_present+
Imbruted	Imbrute	verb:simple_past+
Imbruted	Imbrute	verb:past_participle+
Imbruting	Imbrute	verb:present_participle+
Internecine	Internecine	adjective
isimanna	isimanna	noun
Inglorious	Inglorious	adjective
