encyclopedia	encyclopedia	noun
encyclopaedia	encyclopaedia	noun
encyclopaedias	encyclopaedia	noun:plural
elephant	elephant	noun
elephants	elephant	noun:plural
etymology	etymology	noun
etymologies	etymology	noun:plural
eagle	eagle	noun
eagles	eagle	noun:plural
English	English	noun
Englishes	English	noun:plural
English	English	noun
English	English	adjective
en	en	noun
ens	en	noun:plural
en	en	preposition
everywhen	everywhen	adverbe
e-text	e-text	noun
encrypt	encrypt	verb:simple_present+
encrypts	encrypt	verb:simple_present+
encrypted	encrypt	verb:simple_past+
encrypted	encrypt	verb:past_participle+
encrypting	encrypt	verb:present_participle+
Edward	Edward	proper noun
Esperanto	Esperanto	noun
Esperanto	Esperanto	noun
epizootic	epizootic	noun
epizootic	epizootic	adjective
euro	euro	noun
euros	euro	noun:plural
euro	euro	noun
euros	euro	noun:plural
embellish	embellish	verb:simple_present+
embellishs	embellish	verb:simple_present+
embellished	embellish	verb:simple_past+
embellished	embellish	verb:past_participle+
embellishing	embellish	verb:present_participle+
Eurovision	Eurovision	proper noun
European	European	noun
European	European	adjective
Estonia	Estonia	proper noun
Egypt	Egypt	proper noun
Egypt	Egypt	proper noun
Ecuador	Ecuador	proper noun
Ethiopia	Ethiopia	proper noun
epidemic	epidemic	noun
epidemic	epidemic	adjective
early	early	adverbe
Eritrea	Eritrea	proper noun
Eritrea	Eritrea	proper noun
emoticon	emoticon	noun
emoticons	emoticon	noun:plural
efficacy	efficacy	noun
England	England	noun
eighth	eighth	adjective
eighth	eighth	noun
edible	edible	adjective
edible	edible	noun
eleventh	eleventh	adjective
eleventh	eleventh	noun
encomium	encomium	noun
encomiums	encomium	noun:plural
expence	expence	noun
existence	existence	noun
elk	elk	noun
example	example	noun
examples	example	noun:plural
ending	ending	verbal noun
ending	ending	noun
endings	ending	noun:plural
Englishman	Englishman	proper noun
east	east	noun
east	east	adjective
east	east	adverbe
earth	earth	noun
earth	earth	verb:simple_present+
earths	earth	verb:simple_present+
earthed	earth	verb:simple_past+
earthed	earth	verb:past_participle+
earthing	earth	verb:present_participle+
expression	expression	noun
experiment	experiment	noun
experiments	experiment	noun:plural
experiment	experiment	verb:simple_present+intransitive
experiments	experiment	verb:simple_present+intransitive
experimented	experiment	verb:simple_past+intransitive
experimented	experiment	verb:past_participle+intransitive
experimenting	experiment	verb:present_participle+intransitive
ebony	ebony	noun
ebony	ebony	adjective
enough	enough	adjective
enough	enough	adverbe
enough	enough	interjection
emerald	emerald	noun
emerald	emerald	adjective
epilepsy	epilepsy	noun
epilepsies	epilepsy	noun:plural
epilogue	epilogue	noun
episode	episode	noun
episodes	episode	noun:plural
equinox	equinox	noun
egg	egg	noun
eggs	egg	noun:plural
egg	egg	verb:simple_present+
eggs	egg	verb:simple_present+
egged	egg	verb:simple_past+
egged	egg	verb:past_participle+
egging	egg	verb:present_participle+
Ekspreso	Ekspreso	proper noun
eye	eye	noun
eyes	eye	noun:plural
eye	eye	verb:simple_present+
eyes	eye	verb:simple_present+
eyed	eye	verb:simple_past+
eyed	eye	verb:past_participle+
eying	eye	verb:present_participle+
eyeing	eye	verb:present_participle
ear	ear	noun
ears	ear	noun:plural
ear	ear	noun
ears	ear	noun:plural
ear	ear	verb:simple_present+
ears	ear	verb:simple_present+
eared	ear	verb:simple_past+
eared	ear	verb:past_participle+
earing	ear	verb:present_participle+
elbow	elbow	noun
elbow	elbow	verb:simple_present+
elbows	elbow	verb:simple_present+
elbowed	elbow	verb:simple_past+
elbowed	elbow	verb:past_participle+
???	elbow	verb:present_participle+
Edmonton	Edmonton	proper noun
exit	exit	noun
exit	exit	verb:simple_present+
exits	exit	verb:simple_present+
exited	exit	verb:simple_past+
exited	exit	verb:past_participle+
exiting	exit	verb:present_participle+
exiting	exit	verb:present_participle
entrance	entrance	noun
entrances	entrance	noun:plural
entrance	entrance	verb:simple_present+transitive
entrances	entrance	verb:simple_present+transitive
entranced	entrance	verb:simple_past+transitive
entranced	entrance	verb:past_participle+transitive
entrancing	entrance	verb:present_participle+transitive
experience	experience	noun
experience	experience	verb:simple_present+
experiences	experience	verb:simple_present+
experienced	experience	verb:simple_past+
experienced	experience	verb:past_participle+
experiencing	experience	verb:present_participle+
experience	experience	verb:simple_present+
experiences	experience	verb:simple_present+
experienced	experience	verb:simple_past+
experienced	experience	verb:past_participle+
experiencing	experience	verb:present_participle+
eventually	eventually	adverbe
eventueel	eventueel	adverbe
eventueel	eventueel	adjective
environment	environment	noun
environments	environment	noun:plural
earthquake	earthquake	noun
earthquakes	earthquake	noun:plural
er	er	interjection
er	er	noun
eyelash	eyelash	noun
eyelid	eyelid	noun
eyelids	eyelid	noun:plural
exeat	exeat	noun
eat	eat	verb:simple_present+transitive
eats	eat	verb:simple_present+transitive
ate	eat	verb:simple_past+transitive
eaten	eat	verb:past_participle+transitive
eating	eat	verb:present_participle+transitive
eating	eat	verb:present_participle
eat	eat	verb:simple_present+intransitive
eats	eat	verb:simple_present+intransitive
ate	eat	verb:simple_past+intransitive
eaten	eat	verb:past_participle+intransitive
eating	eat	verb:present_participle+intransitive
eaten	eaten	verb:simple_present+
eatens	eaten	verb:simple_present+
???	eaten	verb:simple_past+
???	eaten	verb:past_participle+
???	eaten	verb:present_participle+
enterprise	enterprise	noun
entertainer	entertainer	noun
entertainment	entertainment	noun
euphemism	euphemism	noun
euphemisms	euphemism	noun:plural
explorer	explorer	noun
e.g.	e.g.	adverbe
erythrocyte	erythrocyte	noun
erythrocytes	erythrocyte	noun:plural
empirical	empirical	adjective
emulate	emulate	verb:simple_present+
emulates	emulate	verb:simple_present+
emulated	emulate	verb:simple_past+
emulated	emulate	verb:past_participle+
emulating	emulate	verb:present_participle+
engender	engender	verb:simple_present+
engenders	engender	verb:simple_present+
???	engender	verb:simple_past+
???	engender	verb:past_participle+
???	engender	verb:present_participle+
ephemeral	ephemeral	adjective
euphoria	euphoria	noun
euphoria	euphoria	adjective
era	era	noun
eras	era	noun:plural
era	era	noun
effect	effect	noun
effects	effect	noun:plural
effect	effect	verb:simple_present+
effects	effect	verb:simple_present+
effected	effect	verb:simple_past+
effected	effect	verb:past_participle+
effecting	effect	verb:present_participle+
end	end	noun
ends	end	noun:plural
end	end	verb:simple_present+
ends	end	verb:simple_present+
ended	end	verb:simple_past+
ended	end	verb:past_participle+
ending	end	verb:present_participle+
ending	end	verb:present_participle
end	end	verb:simple_present+intransitive
ends	end	verb:simple_present+intransitive
ended	end	verb:simple_past+intransitive
ended	end	verb:past_participle+intransitive
ending	end	verb:present_participle+intransitive
end	end	verb:simple_present+transitive
ends	end	verb:simple_present+transitive
ended	end	verb:simple_past+transitive
ended	end	verb:past_participle+transitive
ending	end	verb:present_participle+transitive
electric	electric	adjective
electric	electric	noun
enforce	enforce	verb:simple_present+
enforces	enforce	verb:simple_present+
enforced	enforce	verb:simple_past+
enforced	enforce	verb:past_participle+
enforcing	enforce	verb:present_participle+
ermine	ermine	noun
et	et	verb:simple_present+
ets	et	verb:simple_present+
???	et	verb:simple_past+
???	et	verb:past_participle+
???	et	verb:present_participle+
expletive	expletive	noun
else	else	adverbe
evaporate	evaporate	verb:simple_present+
evaporates	evaporate	verb:simple_present+
evaporated	evaporate	verb:simple_past+
evaporated	evaporate	verb:past_participle+
evaporating	evaporate	verb:present_participle+
ether	ether	noun
ether	ether	proper noun
ewro	ewro	noun
ewros	ewro	noun:plural
ewro	ewro	noun
ewros	ewro	noun:plural
engine	engine	noun
e	e	letter
e	e	noun
e	e	conjonction
electron	electron	noun
electrons	electron	noun:plural
emit	emit	verb:simple_present+
emits	emit	verb:simple_present+
???	emit	verb:simple_past+
???	emit	verb:past_participle+
???	emit	verb:present_participle+
emitting	emit	verb:present_participle
energy	energy	noun
energies	energy	noun:plural
Europe	Europe	proper noun
emperor	emperor	noun
emperors	emperor	noun:plural
empress	empress	noun
empire	empire	noun
earl	earl	noun
election	election	noun
election	election	adjective
ensiklopedia	ensiklopedia	noun
ese	ese	interjection
exhaust	exhaust	verb:simple_present+transitive
exhausts	exhaust	verb:simple_present+transitive
exhausted	exhaust	verb:simple_past+transitive
exhausted	exhaust	verb:past_participle+transitive
exhausting	exhaust	verb:present_participle+transitive
exhausting	exhaust	verb:present_participle
exhaust	exhaust	adjective
exhaust	exhaust	noun
ewe	ewe	noun
ebb	ebb	noun
ebb	ebb	verb:simple_present+
ebbs	ebb	verb:simple_present+
ebbed	ebb	verb:simple_past+
ebbed	ebb	verb:past_participle+
ebbing	ebb	verb:present_participle+
ebb	ebb	adjective
eloquence	eloquence	noun
eidolon	eidolon	noun
etcetera	etcetera	adverbe
errata	errata	noun
emirian	emirian	noun
emirian	emirian	adjective
evil	evil	noun
evil	evil	adjective
extremity	extremity	noun
extremities	extremity	noun:plural
espanyol	espanyol	adjective
excrement	excrement	noun
eclectic	eclectic	noun
eclectic	eclectic	adjective
enlistment	enlistment	noun
exonym	exonym	noun
ephebe	ephebe	noun
ephebes	ephebe	noun:plural
edit	edit	noun
edits	edit	noun:plural
edit	edit	verb:simple_present+
edits	edit	verb:simple_present+
edited	edit	verb:simple_past+
edited	edit	verb:past_participle+
editing	edit	verb:present_participle+
editing	edit	verb:present_participle
execute	execute	verb:simple_present+
executes	execute	verb:simple_present+
executed	execute	verb:simple_past+
executed	execute	verb:past_participle+
executing	execute	verb:present_participle+
eng	eng	noun
engs	eng	noun:plural
essential	essential	noun
essentials	essential	noun:plural
essential	essential	adjective
extreme	extreme	adjective
extreme	extreme	noun
extremes	extreme	noun:plural
elf	elf	noun
eve	eve	noun
eclipse	eclipse	noun
eclipse	eclipse	verb:simple_present+
eclipses	eclipse	verb:simple_present+
eclipsed	eclipse	verb:simple_past+
eclipsed	eclipse	verb:past_participle+
eclipsing	eclipse	verb:present_participle+
epsilon	epsilon	noun
eta	eta	noun
echo	echo	noun
echo	echo	verb:simple_present+
echoes	echo	verb:simple_present+
echoed	echo	verb:simple_past+
echoed	echo	verb:past_participle+
echoing	echo	verb:present_participle+
europium	europium	noun
erbium	erbium	noun
einsteinium	einsteinium	noun
em	em	noun
em	em	noun
esteem	esteem	noun
esteem	esteem	verb:simple_present+
esteems	esteem	verb:simple_present+
esteemed	esteem	verb:simple_past+
esteemed	esteem	verb:past_participle+
esteeming	esteem	verb:present_participle+
exobiology	exobiology	noun
emu	emu	noun
extraterrestrial	extraterrestrial	adjective
etpela	etpela	adjective
eur.	eur.	noun
eur.s	eur.	noun:plural
eur.	eur.	noun
eur.s	eur.	noun:plural
error	error	noun
error	error	verb:simple_present+
errors	error	verb:simple_present+
errored	error	verb:simple_past+
errored	error	verb:past_participle+
erroring	error	verb:present_participle+
erroring	error	verb:present_participle
envy	envy	noun
envy	envy	verb:simple_present+
envies	envy	verb:simple_present+
envied	envy	verb:simple_past+
envied	envy	verb:past_participle+
envying	envy	verb:present_participle+
eponym	eponym	noun
eukaryote	eukaryote	noun
expose	expose	verb:simple_present+
exposes	expose	verb:simple_present+
exposed	expose	verb:simple_past+
exposed	expose	verb:past_participle+
exposing	expose	verb:present_participle+
employee	employee	noun
education	education	noun
extremes	extremes	noun
electronic	electronic	adjective
eucharist	eucharist	noun
eternal	eternal	adjective
extraordinary	extraordinary	adjective
evangelism	evangelism	noun
evangelist	evangelist	noun
evangelize	evangelize	verb:simple_present+
evangelizes	evangelize	verb:simple_present+
evangelized	evangelize	verb:simple_past+
evangelized	evangelize	verb:past_participle+
evangelizing	evangelize	verb:present_participle+
enumerate	enumerate	verb:simple_present+
enumerates	enumerate	verb:simple_present+
enumerated	enumerate	verb:simple_past+
enumerated	enumerate	verb:past_participle+
enumerating	enumerate	verb:present_participle+
epistemology	epistemology	noun
Englishwoman	Englishwoman	noun
epicurean	epicurean	adjective
epicurean	epicurean	noun
extemporaneous	extemporaneous	adjective
equidistant	equidistant	adjective
effigy	effigy	noun
esoteric	esoteric	adjective
epiphany	epiphany	noun
epiphanies	epiphany	noun:plural
Edinburgh	Edinburgh	proper noun
economy	economy	adjective
economy	economy	noun
ecology	ecology	noun
ecologies	ecology	noun:plural
execrable	execrable	adjective
explosion	explosion	noun
eighteenth	eighteenth	adjective
eighteenth	eighteenth	noun
eightieth	eightieth	adjective
eightieth	eightieth	noun
eighty-first	eighty-first	adjective
eighty-first	eighty-first	noun
exponentiation	exponentiation	noun
exponentiations	exponentiation	noun:plural
Ecuadorian	Ecuadorian	noun
Ecuadorian	Ecuadorian	adjective
Ethiopian	Ethiopian	noun
Ethiopian	Ethiopian	adjective
Emilia-Romagna	Emilia-Romagna	proper noun
Egyptian	Egyptian	noun
Egyptian	Egyptian	adjective
enna	enna	proper noun
element	element	noun
elements	element	noun:plural
eritrean	eritrean	noun
eritrean	eritrean	adjective
euboean	euboean	noun
epirot	epirot	noun
Epirus	Epirus	noun
edessa	edessa	noun
electricity	electricity	noun
eremite	eremite	noun
eremites	eremite	noun:plural
egyptologist	egyptologist	noun
eel	eel	noun
endocrinologist	endocrinologist	noun
event	event	noun
egret	egret	noun
Espoo	Espoo	proper noun
egyptology	egyptology	noun
erase	erase	verb:simple_present+transitive
erases	erase	verb:simple_present+transitive
erased	erase	verb:simple_past+transitive
erased	erase	verb:past_participle+transitive
erasing	erase	verb:present_participle+transitive
ereption	ereption	noun
egregious	egregious	adjective
enneagon	enneagon	noun
exile	exile	noun
exiles	exile	noun:plural
exile	exile	verb:simple_present+
exiles	exile	verb:simple_present+
exiled	exile	verb:simple_past+
exiled	exile	verb:past_participle+
exiling	exile	verb:present_participle+
erudite	erudite	adjective
explore	explore	verb:simple_present+
explores	explore	verb:simple_present+
explored	explore	verb:simple_past+
explored	explore	verb:past_participle+
exploring	explore	verb:present_participle+
est	est	proper noun
ex	ex	noun
exes	ex	noun:plural
evergreen	evergreen	adjective
ersatz	ersatz	noun
ersatz	ersatz	adjective
eerie	eerie	adjective
earthworm	earthworm	noun
ewondo	ewondo	noun
extragalactic	extragalactic	adjective
eater	eater	noun
ecologist	ecologist	noun
ee	ee	noun
ee	ee	verb:simple_present+
ees	ee	verb:simple_present+
eed	ee	verb:simple_past+
eed	ee	verb:past_participle+
eing	ee	verb:present_participle+
eelpout	eelpout	noun
ellipsis	ellipsis	noun
Egipt	Egipt	proper noun
envelope	envelope	noun
envelopes	envelope	noun:plural
exaggerate	exaggerate	verb:simple_present+
exaggerates	exaggerate	verb:simple_present+
exaggerated	exaggerate	verb:simple_past+
exaggerated	exaggerate	verb:past_participle+
exaggerating	exaggerate	verb:present_participle+
Eskimo	Eskimo	noun
Eskimo	Eskimo	adjective
eth	eth	noun
eths	eth	noun:plural
empty	empty	adjective
empty	empty	verb:simple_present+
empties	empty	verb:simple_present+
emptied	empty	verb:simple_past+
emptied	empty	verb:past_participle+
emptying	empty	verb:present_participle+
emptying	empty	verb:present_participle
entity	entity	noun
entities	entity	noun:plural
exotic	exotic	adjective
estate	estate	noun
estates	estate	noun:plural
edh	edh	noun
edhel	edhel	noun
eyrie	eyrie	noun
eyry	eyry	noun
ethnic	ethnic	adjective
ethnic	ethnic	noun
ethnics	ethnic	noun:plural
elephantine	elephantine	adjective
Eeyore	Eeyore	proper noun
entire	entire	adjective
entire	entire	noun
eyeglasses	eyeglasses	noun
endeavor	endeavor	noun
endeavor	endeavor	verb:simple_present+
endeavors	endeavor	verb:simple_present+
endeavored	endeavor	verb:simple_past+
endeavored	endeavor	verb:past_participle+
endeavoring	endeavor	verb:present_participle+
endeavoring	endeavor	verb:present_participle
endeavour	endeavour	noun
endeavour	endeavour	verb:simple_present+
endeavours	endeavour	verb:simple_present+
endeavoured	endeavour	verb:simple_past+
endeavoured	endeavour	verb:past_participle+
endeavouring	endeavour	verb:present_participle+
eucalyptus	eucalyptus	noun
eunuch	eunuch	noun
eunuch	eunuch	adjective
ecarte	ecarte	noun
elver	elver	noun
expectorate	expectorate	verb:simple_present+
expectorates	expectorate	verb:simple_present+
expectorated	expectorate	verb:simple_past+
expectorated	expectorate	verb:past_participle+
expectorating	expectorate	verb:present_participle+
ezra	ezra	proper noun
employment	employment	noun
escape	escape	noun
escape	escape	verb:simple_present+transitive
escapes	escape	verb:simple_present+transitive
escaped	escape	verb:simple_past+transitive
escaped	escape	verb:past_participle+transitive
escaping	escape	verb:present_participle+transitive
evviva	evviva	interjection
elucidate	elucidate	verb:simple_present+
elucidates	elucidate	verb:simple_present+
elucidated	elucidate	verb:simple_past+
elucidated	elucidate	verb:past_participle+
elucidating	elucidate	verb:present_participle+
eutectic	eutectic	adjective
exclude	exclude	verb:simple_present+
excludes	exclude	verb:simple_present+
excluded	exclude	verb:simple_past+
excluded	exclude	verb:past_participle+
excluding	exclude	verb:present_participle+
expel	expel	verb:simple_present+
expels	expel	verb:simple_present+
???	expel	verb:simple_past+
???	expel	verb:past_participle+
???	expel	verb:present_participle+
expelling	expel	verb:present_participle
extensive	extensive	adjective
euphemisms	euphemisms	noun
enemy	enemy	noun
enemy	enemy	adjective
edge	edge	noun
edges	edge	noun:plural
edge	edge	verb:simple_present+intransitive
edges	edge	verb:simple_present+intransitive
edged	edge	verb:simple_past+intransitive
edged	edge	verb:past_participle+intransitive
edging	edge	verb:present_participle+intransitive
edge	edge	verb:simple_present+transitive
edges	edge	verb:simple_present+transitive
edged	edge	verb:simple_past+transitive
edged	edge	verb:past_participle+transitive
edging	edge	verb:present_participle+transitive
enthusiasm	enthusiasm	noun
extrametric	extrametric	adjective
elastic	elastic	adjective
elastic	elastic	noun
elastics	elastic	noun:plural
equal	equal	adjective
equal	equal	verb:simple_present+transitive
equals	equal	verb:simple_present+transitive
equaled	equal	verb:simple_past+transitive
equaled	equal	verb:past_participle+transitive
equaling	equal	verb:present_participle+transitive
equalling	equal	verb:present_participle
equal	equal	noun
equals	equal	noun:plural
even	even	adjective
even	even	adverbe
even	even	verb:simple_present+
evens	even	verb:simple_present+
???	even	verb:simple_past+
???	even	verb:past_participle+
evening	even	verb:present_participle+
even	even	noun
ever	ever	adverbe
exchange	exchange	verb:simple_present+transitive
exchanges	exchange	verb:simple_present+transitive
exchanged	exchange	verb:simple_past+transitive
exchanged	exchange	verb:past_participle+transitive
exchanging	exchange	verb:present_participle+transitive
exchange	exchange	noun
expansion	expansion	noun
expand	expand	verb:simple_present+transitive
expands	expand	verb:simple_present+transitive
expanded	expand	verb:simple_past+transitive
expanded	expand	verb:past_participle+transitive
expanding	expand	verb:present_participle+transitive
expand	expand	verb:simple_present+intransitive
expands	expand	verb:simple_present+intransitive
expanded	expand	verb:simple_past+intransitive
expanded	expand	verb:past_participle+intransitive
expanding	expand	verb:present_participle+intransitive
expert	expert	noun
expert	expert	adjective
elasticated	elasticated	adjective
ensign	ensign	noun
expensive	expensive	adjective
evenly	evenly	adverbe
evensong	evensong	noun
evensongs	evensong	noun:plural
episcopal	episcopal	adjective
episcopal	episcopal	noun
episcopalian	episcopalian	noun
episcopalian	episcopalian	adjective
execution	execution	noun
executioner	executioner	noun
executioners	executioner	noun:plural
executor	executor	noun
eski	eski	noun
exagram	exagram	noun
exagrams	exagram	noun:plural
exotica	exotica	noun
ekpyrotic	ekpyrotic	adjective
essay	essay	noun
essays	essay	noun:plural
essay	essay	verb:simple_present+
essays	essay	verb:simple_present+
essayed	essay	verb:simple_past+
essayed	essay	verb:past_participle+
essaying	essay	verb:present_participle+
escarabaxo	escarabaxo	noun
exasecond	exasecond	noun
expressivity	expressivity	noun
expressive	expressive	adjective
express	express	adjective
express	express	noun
express	express	verb:simple_present+
expresss	express	verb:simple_present+
expressed	express	verb:simple_past+
expressed	express	verb:past_participle+
expressing	express	verb:present_participle+
expressing	express	verb:present_participle
euphrates	euphrates	proper noun
eztli	eztli	noun
electromechanical	electromechanical	adjective
electrical	electrical	adjective
enchant	enchant	verb:simple_present+
enchants	enchant	verb:simple_present+
enchanted	enchant	verb:simple_past+
enchanted	enchant	verb:past_participle+
enchanting	enchant	verb:present_participle+
enchanting	enchant	verb:present_participle
enchanted	enchanted	verb:simple_present+
enchanteds	enchanted	verb:simple_present+
???	enchanted	verb:simple_past+
???	enchanted	verb:past_participle+
???	enchanted	verb:present_participle+
enchanted	enchanted	adjective
enchanting	enchanting	verb:simple_present+
enchantings	enchanting	verb:simple_present+
enchantinged	enchanting	verb:simple_past+
enchantinged	enchanting	verb:past_participle+
enchantinging	enchanting	verb:present_participle+
enchanting	enchanting	adjective
everywhere	everywhere	adverbe
entrepreneur	entrepreneur	noun
edifice	edifice	noun
edifices	edifice	noun:plural
exemplum	exemplum	noun
etorri	etorri	verb:simple_present+
etorris	etorri	verb:simple_present+
etorried	etorri	verb:simple_past+
etorried	etorri	verb:past_participle+
etorriing	etorri	verb:present_participle+
euskaltzaindia	euskaltzaindia	noun
eject	eject	verb:simple_present+
ejects	eject	verb:simple_present+
ejected	eject	verb:simple_past+
ejected	eject	verb:past_participle+
ejecting	eject	verb:present_participle+
ejecting	eject	verb:present_participle
epoch	epoch	noun
enlarge	enlarge	verb:simple_present+
enlarges	enlarge	verb:simple_present+
enlarged	enlarge	verb:simple_past+
enlarged	enlarge	verb:past_participle+
enlarging	enlarge	verb:present_participle+
erection	erection	noun
erections	erection	noun:plural
enjoy	enjoy	verb:simple_present+
enjoys	enjoy	verb:simple_present+
enjoyed	enjoy	verb:simple_past+
enjoyed	enjoy	verb:past_participle+
enjoying	enjoy	verb:present_participle+
enjoying	enjoy	verb:present_participle
enzyme	enzyme	noun
enzymes	enzyme	noun:plural
encyclopedic	encyclopedic	adjective
enter	enter	verb:simple_present+intransitive
enters	enter	verb:simple_present+intransitive
entered	enter	verb:simple_past+intransitive
entered	enter	verb:past_participle+intransitive
entering	enter	verb:present_participle+intransitive
enter	enter	verb:simple_present+transitive
enters	enter	verb:simple_present+transitive
entered	enter	verb:simple_past+transitive
entered	enter	verb:past_participle+transitive
entering	enter	verb:present_participle+transitive
entering	enter	verb:present_participle
entropy	entropy	noun
esser	esser	verb:simple_present+
essers	esser	verb:simple_present+
???	esser	verb:simple_past+
???	esser	verb:past_participle+
???	esser	verb:present_participle+
esser	esser	noun
esseres	esser	noun:plural
errauts	errauts	noun
ethereal	ethereal	adjective
eage	eage	noun
engel	engel	noun
each	each	adjective
ego	ego	noun
egos	ego	noun:plural
efficacious	efficacious	adjective
elixir	elixir	noun
elixirs	elixir	noun:plural
ellen	ellen	proper noun
ergo	ergo	conjonction
embrace	embrace	verb:simple_present+
embraces	embrace	verb:simple_present+
embraced	embrace	verb:simple_past+
embraced	embrace	verb:past_participle+
embracing	embrace	verb:present_participle+
embrace	embrace	noun
embark	embark	verb:simple_present+
embarks	embark	verb:simple_present+
embarked	embark	verb:simple_past+
embarked	embark	verb:past_participle+
embarking	embark	verb:present_participle+
embarking	embark	verb:present_participle
expire	expire	verb:simple_present+
expires	expire	verb:simple_present+
expired	expire	verb:simple_past+
expired	expire	verb:past_participle+
expiring	expire	verb:present_participle+
expire	expire	verb:simple_present+intransitive
expires	expire	verb:simple_present+intransitive
expired	expire	verb:simple_past+intransitive
expired	expire	verb:past_participle+intransitive
expiring	expire	verb:present_participle+intransitive
expire	expire	verb:simple_present+transitive
expires	expire	verb:simple_present+transitive
expired	expire	verb:simple_past+transitive
expired	expire	verb:past_participle+transitive
expiring	expire	verb:present_participle+transitive
ephebophilia	ephebophilia	noun
eaglet	eaglet	noun
eldritch	eldritch	adjective
eliminate	eliminate	verb:simple_present+transitive
eliminates	eliminate	verb:simple_present+transitive
eliminated	eliminate	verb:simple_past+transitive
eliminated	eliminate	verb:past_participle+transitive
eliminating	eliminate	verb:present_participle+transitive
exactly	exactly	adverbe
ess	ess	noun
emcee	emcee	noun
emcee	emcee	verb:simple_present+
emcees	emcee	verb:simple_present+
emceed	emcee	verb:simple_past+
emceed	emcee	verb:past_participle+
emceing	emcee	verb:present_participle+
emceeing	emcee	verb:present_participle
either	either	adjective
either	either	adverbe
either	either	conjonction
ensanguine	ensanguine	verb:simple_present+
ensanguines	ensanguine	verb:simple_present+
ensanguined	ensanguine	verb:simple_past+
ensanguined	ensanguine	verb:past_participle+
ensanguining	ensanguine	verb:present_participle+
ensconce	ensconce	verb:simple_present+
ensconces	ensconce	verb:simple_present+
ensconced	ensconce	verb:simple_past+
ensconced	ensconce	verb:past_participle+
ensconcing	ensconce	verb:present_participle+
elective	elective	adjective
elect	elect	verb:simple_present+transitive
elects	elect	verb:simple_present+transitive
elected	elect	verb:simple_past+transitive
elected	elect	verb:past_participle+transitive
electing	elect	verb:present_participle+transitive
electing	elect	verb:present_participle
elect	elect	adjective
exclusive	exclusive	adjective
evolve	evolve	verb:simple_present+
evolves	evolve	verb:simple_present+
evolved	evolve	verb:simple_past+
evolved	evolve	verb:past_participle+
evolving	evolve	verb:present_participle+
evolution	evolution	noun
earn	earn	verb:simple_present+
earns	earn	verb:simple_present+
earned	earn	verb:simple_past+
earned	earn	verb:past_participle+
earning	earn	verb:present_participle+
earn	earn	noun
eccentric	eccentric	adjective
eccentric	eccentric	noun
eccentrics	eccentric	noun:plural
Everest	Everest	proper noun
equine	equine	adjective
eejit	eejit	noun
eejits	eejit	noun:plural
earwax	earwax	noun
earwig	earwig	noun
earwigs	earwig	noun:plural
embiggen	embiggen	verb:simple_present+
embiggens	embiggen	verb:simple_present+
embiggened	embiggen	verb:simple_past+
embiggened	embiggen	verb:past_participle+
???	embiggen	verb:present_participle+
einherjar	einherjar	noun
earthnut	earthnut	noun
effeminate	effeminate	adjective
effeminacy	effeminacy	noun
enclitic	enclitic	noun
eyne	eyne	noun
elephas	elephas	proper noun
Eufrat	Eufrat	proper noun
elevator	elevator	noun
enigma	enigma	noun
eigenvalue	eigenvalue	noun
eigenvalues	eigenvalue	noun:plural
eigenvector	eigenvector	noun
eigenvectors	eigenvector	noun:plural
exacerbate	exacerbate	verb:simple_present+
exacerbates	exacerbate	verb:simple_present+
exacerbated	exacerbate	verb:simple_past+
exacerbated	exacerbate	verb:past_participle+
exacerbating	exacerbate	verb:present_participle+
equation	equation	noun
equations	equation	noun:plural
Englisc	Englisc	noun
Englisc	Englisc	adjective
exploit	exploit	verb:simple_present+
exploits	exploit	verb:simple_present+
exploited	exploit	verb:simple_past+
exploited	exploit	verb:past_participle+
exploiting	exploit	verb:present_participle+
evanescence	evanescence	noun
equity	equity	noun
engin.	engin.	noun
engineering	engineering	noun
engineering	engineering	verb:simple_present+
engineerings	engineering	verb:simple_present+
engineeringed	engineering	verb:simple_past+
engineeringed	engineering	verb:past_participle+
engineeringing	engineering	verb:present_participle+
eviscerate	eviscerate	verb:simple_present+
eviscerates	eviscerate	verb:simple_present+
eviscerated	eviscerate	verb:simple_past+
eviscerated	eviscerate	verb:past_participle+
eviscerating	eviscerate	verb:present_participle+
epee	epee	noun
eaw	eaw	interjection
enzed	enzed	noun
erotophobia	erotophobia	noun
electrocutioner	electrocutioner	noun
electrocutioners	electrocutioner	noun:plural
electrocution	electrocution	noun
electrocutions	electrocution	noun:plural
exploiter	exploiter	noun
exploiters	exploiter	noun:plural
eric	eric	noun
eric	eric	proper noun
e-mail	e-mail	noun
e-mails	e-mail	noun:plural
exhale	exhale	verb:simple_present+intransitive
exhales	exhale	verb:simple_present+intransitive
exhaled	exhale	verb:simple_past+intransitive
exhaled	exhale	verb:past_participle+intransitive
exhaling	exhale	verb:present_participle+intransitive
exhale	exhale	verb:simple_present+transitive
exhales	exhale	verb:simple_present+transitive
exhaled	exhale	verb:simple_past+transitive
exhaled	exhale	verb:past_participle+transitive
exhaling	exhale	verb:present_participle+transitive
embryo	embryo	noun
emanate	emanate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
emanates	emanate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
emanated	emanate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
emanated	emanate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
emanating	emanate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
eschew	eschew	verb:simple_present+transitive
eschews	eschew	verb:simple_present+transitive
eschewed	eschew	verb:simple_past+transitive
eschewed	eschew	verb:past_participle+transitive
eschewing	eschew	verb:present_participle+transitive
eschewing	eschew	verb:present_participle
eyebrow	eyebrow	noun
eternity	eternity	noun
eternities	eternity	noun:plural
effortless	effortless	adjective
egos	egos	noun
ease	ease	noun
ease	ease	verb:simple_present+transitive
eases	ease	verb:simple_present+transitive
eased	ease	verb:simple_past+transitive
eased	ease	verb:past_participle+transitive
easing	ease	verb:present_participle+transitive
ease	ease	verb:simple_present+intransitive
eases	ease	verb:simple_present+intransitive
eased	ease	verb:simple_past+intransitive
eased	ease	verb:past_participle+intransitive
easing	ease	verb:present_participle+intransitive
editor	editor	noun
editors	editor	noun:plural
eff	eff	verb:simple_present+
effs	eff	verb:simple_present+
effed	eff	verb:simple_past+
effed	eff	verb:past_participle+
effing	eff	verb:present_participle+
effing	eff	verb:present_participle
exegesis	exegesis	noun
eke	eke	verb:simple_present+
ekes	eke	verb:simple_present+
eked	eke	verb:simple_past+
eked	eke	verb:past_participle+
eking	eke	verb:present_participle+
eleet	eleet	proper noun
eek	eek	interjection
electrum	electrum	noun
emmenthaler	emmenthaler	noun
Emmentaler	Emmentaler	noun
elute	elute	verb:simple_present+transitive
elutes	elute	verb:simple_present+transitive
eluted	elute	verb:simple_past+transitive
eluted	elute	verb:past_participle+transitive
eluting	elute	verb:present_participle+transitive
epiglottis	epiglottis	noun
epiglottises	epiglottis	noun:plural
erin	erin	proper noun
Enzedder	Enzedder	proper noun
Enzedders	Enzedder	proper noun:plural
eagre	eagre	noun
enteritis	enteritis	noun
expulsion	expulsion	noun
exculpatory	exculpatory	adjective
euphonium	euphonium	noun
ensa	ensa	noun
electromagnet	electromagnet	noun
embryophagy	embryophagy	noun
eigenfunction	eigenfunction	noun
eigenfunctions	eigenfunction	noun:plural
electrolysis	electrolysis	noun
excuse	excuse	verb:simple_present+transitive
excuses	excuse	verb:simple_present+transitive
excused	excuse	verb:simple_past+transitive
excused	excuse	verb:past_participle+transitive
excusing	excuse	verb:present_participle+transitive
excuse	excuse	noun
excuses	excuse	noun:plural
export	export	verb:simple_present+
exports	export	verb:simple_present+
exported	export	verb:simple_past+
exported	export	verb:past_participle+
exporting	export	verb:present_participle+
export	export	noun
effectivity	effectivity	noun
expat	expat	noun
enact	enact	verb:simple_present+transitive
enacts	enact	verb:simple_present+transitive
enacted	enact	verb:simple_past+transitive
enacted	enact	verb:past_participle+transitive
enacting	enact	verb:present_participle+transitive
enacting	enact	verb:present_participle
excellent	excellent	adjective
examination	examination	noun
easy	easy	adjective
eureka	eureka	interjection
exist	exist	verb:simple_present+
exists	exist	verb:simple_present+
existed	exist	verb:simple_past+
existed	exist	verb:past_participle+
existing	exist	verb:present_participle+
existing	exist	verb:present_participle
existent	existent	adjective
existent	existent	noun
existential	existential	adjective
existentialism	existentialism	noun
existentialist	existentialist	noun
eutopy	eutopy	noun
endemic	endemic	noun
endemic	endemic	adjective
enzootic	enzootic	noun
enzootic	enzootic	adjective
elec.	elec.	verb:simple_present+transitive
elec.s	elec.	verb:simple_present+transitive
elec.ed	elec.	verb:simple_past+transitive
elec.ed	elec.	verb:past_participle+transitive
elec.ing	elec.	verb:present_participle+transitive
elec.ing	elec.	verb:present_participle
elec.	elec.	adjective
elegant	elegant	adjective
elegance	elegance	noun
estimate	estimate	noun
estimates	estimate	noun:plural
estimate	estimate	verb:simple_present+
estimates	estimate	verb:simple_present+
estimated	estimate	verb:simple_past+
estimated	estimate	verb:past_participle+
estimating	estimate	verb:present_participle+
estimation	estimation	noun
euphemistically	euphemistically	adverbe
excrete	excrete	verb:simple_present+
excretes	excrete	verb:simple_present+
excreted	excrete	verb:simple_past+
excreted	excrete	verb:past_participle+
excreting	excrete	verb:present_participle+
ekran	ekran	noun
explain	explain	verb:simple_present+
explains	explain	verb:simple_present+
explained	explain	verb:simple_past+
explained	explain	verb:past_participle+
explaining	explain	verb:present_participle+
explaining	explain	verb:present_participle
explanation	explanation	noun
engorge	engorge	verb:simple_present+
engorges	engorge	verb:simple_present+
engorged	engorge	verb:simple_past+
engorged	engorge	verb:past_participle+
engorging	engorge	verb:present_participle+
expandable	expandable	adjective
extol	extol	verb:simple_present+
extols	extol	verb:simple_present+
???	extol	verb:simple_past+
???	extol	verb:past_participle+
???	extol	verb:present_participle+
embarrassment	embarrassment	noun
ejaculate	ejaculate	noun
ejaculate	ejaculate	verb:simple_present+
ejaculates	ejaculate	verb:simple_present+
ejaculated	ejaculate	verb:simple_past+
ejaculated	ejaculate	verb:past_participle+
ejaculating	ejaculate	verb:present_participle+
ejaculate	ejaculate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
ejaculates	ejaculate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
ejaculated	ejaculate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
ejaculated	ejaculate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
ejaculating	ejaculate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
ejaculate	ejaculate	verb:simple_present+transitive
ejaculates	ejaculate	verb:simple_present+transitive
ejaculated	ejaculate	verb:simple_past+transitive
ejaculated	ejaculate	verb:past_participle+transitive
ejaculating	ejaculate	verb:present_participle+transitive
ewentualnie	ewentualnie	adverbe
empower	empower	verb:simple_present+transitive
empowers	empower	verb:simple_present+transitive
empowered	empower	verb:simple_past+transitive
empowered	empower	verb:past_participle+transitive
empowering	empower	verb:present_participle+transitive
empowering	empower	verb:present_participle
erasure	erasure	noun
emas	emas	noun
earing	earing	noun
eclat	eclat	noun
eddy	eddy	noun
eddies	eddy	noun:plural
eddy	eddy	proper noun
eft	eft	noun
egger	egger	noun
eider	eider	noun
elan	elan	noun
eland	eland	noun
elate	elate	verb:simple_present+
elates	elate	verb:simple_present+
elated	elate	verb:simple_past+
elated	elate	verb:past_participle+
elating	elate	verb:present_participle+
elegy	elegy	noun
elfin	elfin	adjective
elide	elide	verb:simple_present+
elides	elide	verb:simple_present+
elided	elide	verb:simple_past+
elided	elide	verb:past_participle+
eliding	elide	verb:present_participle+
ell	ell	noun
eluate	eluate	noun
embank	embank	verb:simple_present+
embanks	embank	verb:simple_present+
embanked	embank	verb:simple_past+
embanked	embank	verb:past_participle+
embanking	embank	verb:present_participle+
emmer	emmer	noun
enol	enol	noun
epoxy	epoxy	noun
ere	ere	adverbe
erg	erg	noun
ergs	erg	noun:plural
erode	erode	verb:simple_present+
erodes	erode	verb:simple_present+
eroded	erode	verb:simple_past+
eroded	erode	verb:past_participle+
eroding	erode	verb:present_participle+
eros	eros	proper noun
eros	eros	noun
escrow	escrow	noun
estop	estop	verb:simple_present+
estops	estop	verb:simple_present+
???	estop	verb:simple_past+
???	estop	verb:past_participle+
???	estop	verb:present_participle+
ethane	ethane	noun
ethyl	ethyl	noun
evzone	evzone	noun
ewer	ewer	noun
ewers	ewers	noun
exhume	exhume	verb:simple_present+
exhumes	exhume	verb:simple_present+
exhumed	exhume	verb:simple_past+
exhumed	exhume	verb:past_participle+
exhuming	exhume	verb:present_participle+
exude	exude	verb:simple_present+
exudes	exude	verb:simple_present+
exuded	exude	verb:simple_past+
exuded	exude	verb:past_participle+
exuding	exude	verb:present_participle+
eyelet	eyelet	noun
eyer	eyer	noun
embroider	embroider	verb:simple_present+
embroiders	embroider	verb:simple_present+
???	embroider	verb:simple_past+
???	embroider	verb:past_participle+
???	embroider	verb:present_participle+
effort	effort	noun
efforts	effort	noun:plural
exertion	exertion	noun
exerting	exerting	verb:simple_present+
exertings	exerting	verb:simple_present+
exertinged	exerting	verb:simple_past+
exertinged	exerting	verb:past_participle+
exertinging	exerting	verb:present_participle+
exert	exert	verb:simple_present+
exerts	exert	verb:simple_present+
exerted	exert	verb:simple_past+
exerted	exert	verb:past_participle+
exerting	exert	verb:present_participle+
exerting	exert	verb:present_participle
eyeball	eyeball	noun
eyeballs	eyeball	noun:plural
esprise	esprise	verb:simple_present+
esprises	esprise	verb:simple_present+
esprised	esprise	verb:simple_past+
esprised	esprise	verb:past_participle+
esprising	esprise	verb:present_participle+
eager	eager	noun
eager	eager	adjective
earnest	earnest	adjective
earnest	earnest	noun
earnest	earnest	verb:simple_present+
earnests	earnest	verb:simple_present+
earnested	earnest	verb:simple_past+
earnested	earnest	verb:past_participle+
earnesting	earnest	verb:present_participle+
economization	economization	noun
edification	edification	noun
effectuation	effectuation	noun
ejaculation	ejaculation	noun
elaboration	elaboration	noun
elation	elation	noun
electrification	electrification	noun
electrify	electrify	verb:simple_present+
electrifies	electrify	verb:simple_present+
electrified	electrify	verb:simple_past+
electrified	electrify	verb:past_participle+
electrifying	electrify	verb:present_participle+
eleemosynary	eleemosynary	adjective
elevation	elevation	noun
elimination	elimination	noun
elite	elite	noun
elite	elite	adjective
elongation	elongation	noun
elsewhere	elsewhere	adverbe
elucidation	elucidation	noun
emaciation	emaciation	noun
emanation	emanation	noun
emancipate	emancipate	verb:simple_present+
emancipates	emancipate	verb:simple_present+
emancipated	emancipate	verb:simple_past+
emancipated	emancipate	verb:past_participle+
emancipating	emancipate	verb:present_participle+
emancipate	emancipate	adjective
emancipation	emancipation	noun
emasculation	emasculation	noun
embargo	embargo	noun
embed	embed	verb:simple_present+
embeds	embed	verb:simple_present+
???	embed	verb:simple_past+
???	embed	verb:past_participle+
???	embed	verb:present_participle+
embrocation	embrocation	noun
emendation	emendation	noun
emigration	emigration	noun
eminent	eminent	adjective
empiricism	empiricism	noun
emulation	emulation	noun
encase	encase	verb:simple_present+
encases	encase	verb:simple_present+
encased	encase	verb:simple_past+
encased	encase	verb:past_participle+
encasing	encase	verb:present_participle+
encapsulation	encapsulation	noun
encincture	encincture	noun
endow	endow	verb:simple_present+
endows	endow	verb:simple_present+
endowed	endow	verb:simple_past+
endowed	endow	verb:past_participle+
???	endow	verb:present_participle+
enigmatic	enigmatic	adjective
enlace	enlace	verb:simple_present+
enlaces	enlace	verb:simple_present+
enlaced	enlace	verb:simple_past+
enlaced	enlace	verb:past_participle+
enlacing	enlace	verb:present_participle+
enlighten	enlighten	verb:simple_present+
enlightens	enlighten	verb:simple_present+
???	enlighten	verb:simple_past+
???	enlighten	verb:past_participle+
???	enlighten	verb:present_participle+
enlightenment	enlightenment	noun
enmity	enmity	noun
enrage	enrage	verb:simple_present+
enrages	enrage	verb:simple_present+
enraged	enrage	verb:simple_past+
enraged	enrage	verb:past_participle+
enraging	enrage	verb:present_participle+
enshrine	enshrine	verb:simple_present+
enshrines	enshrine	verb:simple_present+
enshrined	enshrine	verb:simple_past+
enshrined	enshrine	verb:past_participle+
enshrining	enshrine	verb:present_participle+
ensnarl	ensnarl	verb:simple_present+
ensnarls	ensnarl	verb:simple_present+
ensnarled	ensnarl	verb:simple_past+
ensnarled	ensnarl	verb:past_participle+
ensnarling	ensnarl	verb:present_participle+
ensure	ensure	verb:simple_present+transitive
ensures	ensure	verb:simple_present+transitive
ensured	ensure	verb:simple_past+transitive
ensured	ensure	verb:past_participle+transitive
ensuring	ensure	verb:present_participle+transitive
enswathe	enswathe	verb:simple_present+
enswathes	enswathe	verb:simple_present+
enswathed	enswathe	verb:simple_past+
enswathed	enswathe	verb:past_participle+
enswathing	enswathe	verb:present_participle+
enthusiastic	enthusiastic	adjective
entreat	entreat	noun
entreat	entreat	verb:simple_present+
entreats	entreat	verb:simple_present+
entreated	entreat	verb:simple_past+
entreated	entreat	verb:past_participle+
entreating	entreat	verb:present_participle+
enumeration	enumeration	noun
enunciation	enunciation	noun
enwreathe	enwreathe	verb:simple_present+
enwreathes	enwreathe	verb:simple_present+
enwreathed	enwreathe	verb:simple_past+
enwreathed	enwreathe	verb:past_participle+
enwreathing	enwreathe	verb:present_participle+
equalization	equalization	noun
equally	equally	adverbe
equator	equator	noun
equitation	equitation	noun
equivocal	equivocal	noun
equivocal	equivocal	adjective
equivocation	equivocation	noun
eradication	eradication	noun
erse	erse	noun
erse	erse	adjective
esplanade	esplanade	noun
espy	espy	verb:simple_present+
espies	espy	verb:simple_present+
espied	espy	verb:simple_past+
espied	espy	verb:past_participle+
espying	espy	verb:present_participle+
ethology	ethology	noun
etch	etch	noun
etiquette	etiquette	noun
eugenics	eugenics	noun
evacuate	evacuate	verb:simple_present+
evacuates	evacuate	verb:simple_present+
evacuated	evacuate	verb:simple_past+
evacuated	evacuate	verb:past_participle+
evacuating	evacuate	verb:present_participle+
evacuation	evacuation	noun
evaluation	evaluation	noun
evangelization	evangelization	noun
evaporation	evaporation	noun
evisceration	evisceration	noun
evocation	evocation	noun
exact	exact	adjective
exaggeration	exaggeration	noun
exaltation	exaltation	noun
exasperation	exasperation	noun
excavation	excavation	noun
except	except	verb:simple_present+
excepts	except	verb:simple_present+
excepted	except	verb:simple_past+
excepted	except	verb:past_participle+
excepting	except	verb:present_participle+
exceptional	exceptional	adjective
exigible	exigible	adjective
excitation	excitation	noun
exclamation	exclamation	noun
excommunication	excommunication	noun
excoriation	excoriation	noun
exculpation	exculpation	noun
execration	execration	noun
exemplification	exemplification	noun
exfoliation	exfoliation	noun
exhalation	exhalation	noun
exhilaration	exhilaration	noun
exhortation	exhortation	noun
exhumation	exhumation	noun
exoneration	exoneration	noun
expatiate	expatiate	verb:simple_present+
expatiates	expatiate	verb:simple_present+
expatiated	expatiate	verb:simple_past+
expatiated	expatiate	verb:past_participle+
expatiating	expatiate	verb:present_participle+
expatriate	expatriate	verb:simple_present+
expatriates	expatriate	verb:simple_present+
expatriated	expatriate	verb:simple_past+
expatriated	expatriate	verb:past_participle+
expatriating	expatriate	verb:present_participle+
expatriate	expatriate	noun
expatriate	expatriate	adjective
expectation	expectation	noun
expectoration	expectoration	noun
experimentation	experimentation	noun
expiration	expiration	noun
explication	explication	noun
exploitation	exploitation	noun
exploration	exploration	noun
exportation	exportation	noun
expostulation	expostulation	noun
expound	expound	verb:simple_present+
expounds	expound	verb:simple_present+
expounded	expound	verb:simple_past+
expounded	expound	verb:past_participle+
expounding	expound	verb:present_participle+
expropriation	expropriation	noun
expurgation	expurgation	noun
extemporization	extemporization	noun
extension	extension	verb:simple_present+
extensions	extension	verb:simple_present+
extensioned	extension	verb:simple_past+
extensioned	extension	verb:past_participle+
extensioning	extension	verb:present_participle+
extenuation	extenuation	noun
extermination	extermination	noun
extirpation	extirpation	noun
extra	extra	adjective
extra	extra	noun
extract	extract	noun
extracts	extract	noun:plural
extract	extract	verb:simple_present+transitive
extracts	extract	verb:simple_present+transitive
extracted	extract	verb:simple_past+transitive
extracted	extract	verb:past_participle+transitive
extracting	extract	verb:present_participle+transitive
extraneous	extraneous	adjective
extrication	extrication	noun
exultation	exultation	noun
eyot	eyot	noun
excessive	excessive	adjective
extravagant	extravagant	adjective
exorbitant	exorbitant	adjective
entreaty	entreaty	noun
edict	edict	noun
ear-finger	ear-finger	noun
esker	esker	noun
ebonics	ebonics	proper noun
Eurotunnel	Eurotunnel	proper noun
edaphology	edaphology	noun
edaphic	edaphic	adjective
epenthesis	epenthesis	noun
ecdysiophilia	ecdysiophilia	noun
ecdysiophile	ecdysiophile	noun
ergophilia	ergophilia	noun
europhilia	europhilia	noun
europhile	europhile	noun
eon	eon	noun
eons	eon	noun:plural
envious	envious	adjective
ernie	ernie	proper noun
evidence	evidence	noun
evidence	evidence	verb:simple_present+
evidences	evidence	verb:simple_present+
evidenced	evidence	verb:simple_past+
evidenced	evidence	verb:past_participle+
evidencing	evidence	verb:present_participle+
esh	esh	noun
enclosure	enclosure	noun
explode	explode	verb:simple_present+transitive
explodes	explode	verb:simple_present+transitive
exploded	explode	verb:simple_past+transitive
exploded	explode	verb:past_participle+transitive
exploding	explode	verb:present_participle+transitive
explode	explode	verb:simple_present+intransitive
explodes	explode	verb:simple_present+intransitive
exploded	explode	verb:simple_past+intransitive
exploded	explode	verb:past_participle+intransitive
exploding	explode	verb:present_participle+intransitive
explosive	explosive	adjective
enervate	enervate	verb:simple_present+transitive
enervates	enervate	verb:simple_present+transitive
enervated	enervate	verb:simple_past+transitive
enervated	enervate	verb:past_participle+transitive
enervating	enervate	verb:present_participle+transitive
enervate	enervate	noun
enervate	enervate	adjective
eventify	eventify	verb:simple_present+transitive
eventifies	eventify	verb:simple_present+transitive
eventified	eventify	verb:simple_past+transitive
eventified	eventify	verb:past_participle+transitive
eventifying	eventify	verb:present_participle+transitive
eventifying	eventify	verb:present_participle
ejective	ejective	noun
exegetical	exegetical	adjective
EDNOS	EDNOS	noun
ethnical	ethnical	adjective
ethnology	ethnology	noun
entries	entries	noun
entirety	entirety	noun
expropriate	expropriate	verb:simple_present+
expropriates	expropriate	verb:simple_present+
expropriated	expropriate	verb:simple_past+
expropriated	expropriate	verb:past_participle+
expropriating	expropriate	verb:present_participle+
explanations	explanations	noun
egotism	egotism	noun
eh	eh	interjection
encephalitis	encephalitis	noun
ennui	ennui	noun
ennui	ennui	verb:simple_present+
ennuis	ennui	verb:simple_present+
ennuied	ennui	verb:simple_past+
ennuied	ennui	verb:past_participle+
ennuiing	ennui	verb:present_participle+
envision	envision	verb:simple_present+
envisions	envision	verb:simple_present+
envisioned	envision	verb:simple_past+
envisioned	envision	verb:past_participle+
envisioning	envision	verb:present_participle+
expense	expense	noun
expenses	expense	noun:plural
expense	expense	verb:simple_present+
expenses	expense	verb:simple_present+
expensed	expense	verb:simple_past+
expensed	expense	verb:past_participle+
expensing	expense	verb:present_participle+
ege	ege	noun
elicit	elicit	verb:simple_present+
elicits	elicit	verb:simple_present+
???	elicit	verb:simple_past+
???	elicit	verb:past_participle+
???	elicit	verb:present_participle+
epileptic	epileptic	adjective
epileptic	epileptic	noun
ext	ext	proper noun
earthling	earthling	noun
e-dress	e-dress	noun
e-dresses	e-dress	noun:plural
earthwoman	earthwoman	noun
efferent	efferent	adjective
electromagnetic	electromagnetic	adjective
electroweak	electroweak	noun
electromagnetism	electromagnetism	noun
euthenics	euthenics	noun
employ	employ	verb:simple_present+
employs	employ	verb:simple_present+
employed	employ	verb:simple_past+
employed	employ	verb:past_participle+
employing	employ	verb:present_participle+
employing	employ	verb:present_participle
evening	evening	noun
evenings	evening	noun:plural
evening	evening	verbal noun
exuberant	exuberant	adjective
etymon	etymon	noun
extent	extent	noun
e-quaintance	e-quaintance	noun
e-quainted	e-quainted	adjective
enunciate	enunciate	verb:simple_present+
enunciates	enunciate	verb:simple_present+
enunciated	enunciate	verb:simple_past+
enunciated	enunciate	verb:past_participle+
enunciating	enunciate	verb:present_participle+
enunciate	enunciate	verb:simple_present+transitive
enunciates	enunciate	verb:simple_present+transitive
enunciated	enunciate	verb:simple_past+transitive
enunciated	enunciate	verb:past_participle+transitive
enunciating	enunciate	verb:present_participle+transitive
extant	extant	adjective
entry	entry	noun
entries	entry	noun:plural
engrish	engrish	noun
enthuse	enthuse	verb:simple_present+transitive
enthuses	enthuse	verb:simple_present+transitive
enthused	enthuse	verb:simple_past+transitive
enthused	enthuse	verb:past_participle+transitive
enthusing	enthuse	verb:present_participle+transitive
euthanize	euthanize	verb:simple_present+
euthanizes	euthanize	verb:simple_present+
euthanized	euthanize	verb:simple_past+
euthanized	euthanize	verb:past_participle+
euthanizing	euthanize	verb:present_participle+
euthanasia	euthanasia	noun
euthanasia	euthanasia	adjective
euthanatize	euthanatize	verb:simple_present+
euthanatizes	euthanatize	verb:simple_present+
euthanatized	euthanatize	verb:simple_past+
euthanatized	euthanatize	verb:past_participle+
euthanatizing	euthanatize	verb:present_participle+
euthanasiate	euthanasiate	verb:simple_present+
euthanasiates	euthanasiate	verb:simple_present+
euthanasiated	euthanasiate	verb:simple_past+
euthanasiated	euthanasiate	verb:past_participle+
euthanasiating	euthanasiate	verb:present_participle+
exoatmospheric	exoatmospheric	adjective
enormity	enormity	noun
enormousness	enormousness	noun
enjoyment	enjoyment	noun
efflux	efflux	noun
effluence	effluence	noun
econobabble	econobabble	noun
edgy	edgy	adjective
expunge	expunge	verb:simple_present+
expunges	expunge	verb:simple_present+
expunged	expunge	verb:simple_past+
expunged	expunge	verb:past_participle+
expunging	expunge	verb:present_participle+
enfeeble	enfeeble	verb:simple_present+transitive
enfeebles	enfeeble	verb:simple_present+transitive
enfeebled	enfeeble	verb:simple_past+transitive
enfeebled	enfeeble	verb:past_participle+transitive
enfeebling	enfeeble	verb:present_participle+transitive
Ethan	Ethan	proper noun
estuary	estuary	noun
eschatology	eschatology	noun
eradicate	eradicate	verb:simple_present+
eradicates	eradicate	verb:simple_present+
eradicated	eradicate	verb:simple_past+
eradicated	eradicate	verb:past_participle+
eradicating	eradicate	verb:present_participle+
evident	evident	adjective
effusive	effusive	adjective
epic	epic	noun
epic	epic	adjective
energetic	energetic	adjective
emotion	emotion	noun
emotion	emotion	adjective
eucharistic	eucharistic	adjective
eucharistical	eucharistical	adjective
Elizabeth	Elizabeth	proper noun
evert	evert	verb:simple_present+
everts	evert	verb:simple_present+
everted	evert	verb:simple_past+
everted	evert	verb:past_participle+
everting	evert	verb:present_participle+
equestrian	equestrian	adjective
equestrian	equestrian	noun
exercise	exercise	noun
exercises	exercise	noun:plural
exercise	exercise	verb:simple_present+
exercises	exercise	verb:simple_present+
exercised	exercise	verb:simple_past+
exercised	exercise	verb:past_participle+
exercising	exercise	verb:present_participle+
efflorescence	efflorescence	noun
efflorescences	efflorescence	noun:plural
evince	evince	verb:simple_present+
evinces	evince	verb:simple_present+
evinced	evince	verb:simple_past+
evinced	evince	verb:past_participle+
evincing	evince	verb:present_participle+
ester	ester	noun
esters	ester	noun:plural
efflorescent	efflorescent	adjective
embedded	embedded	adjective
examine	examine	verb:simple_present+
examines	examine	verb:simple_present+
examined	examine	verb:simple_past+
examined	examine	verb:past_participle+
examining	examine	verb:present_participle+
examine	examine	verb:simple_present+transitive
examines	examine	verb:simple_present+transitive
examined	examine	verb:simple_past+transitive
examined	examine	verb:past_participle+transitive
examining	examine	verb:present_participle+transitive
everyday	everyday	adjective
everyday	everyday	noun
egoistic	egoistic	adverbe
egoism	egoism	noun
electronics	electronics	noun
exhibit	exhibit	verb:simple_present+intransitive
exhibits	exhibit	verb:simple_present+intransitive
exhibited	exhibit	verb:simple_past+intransitive
exhibited	exhibit	verb:past_participle+intransitive
exhibiting	exhibit	verb:present_participle+intransitive
exhibit	exhibit	noun
exhibits	exhibit	noun:plural
exhibit	exhibit	verb:simple_present+transitive
exhibits	exhibit	verb:simple_present+transitive
exhibited	exhibit	verb:simple_past+transitive
exhibited	exhibit	verb:past_participle+transitive
exhibiting	exhibit	verb:present_participle+transitive
exhibiting	exhibit	verb:present_participle
especially	especially	adverbe
emporium	emporium	noun
emporiums	emporium	noun:plural
embankment	embankment	noun
ecky	ecky	adjective
endure	endure	verb:simple_present+
endures	endure	verb:simple_present+
endured	endure	verb:simple_past+
endured	endure	verb:past_participle+
enduring	endure	verb:present_participle+
Errol	Errol	proper noun
ellipse	ellipse	noun
ellipses	ellipse	noun:plural
exodus	exodus	proper noun
exodus	exodus	noun
exoduses	exodus	noun:plural
ecotourism	ecotourism	noun
Ebrill	Ebrill	proper noun
eglwys	eglwys	noun
eminence	eminence	noun
elenctic	elenctic	adjective
excite	excite	verb:simple_present+transitive
excites	excite	verb:simple_present+transitive
excited	excite	verb:simple_past+transitive
excited	excite	verb:past_participle+transitive
exciting	excite	verb:present_participle+transitive
e.	e.	noun
e.s	e.	noun:plural
e.	e.	preposition
establish	establish	verb:simple_present+
establishs	establish	verb:simple_present+
established	establish	verb:simple_past+
established	establish	verb:past_participle+
establishing	establish	verb:present_participle+
establishing	establish	verb:present_participle
essence	essence	noun
equitable	equitable	adjective
eastern	eastern	adjective
Essex	Essex	proper noun
equipment	equipment	noun
expect	expect	verb:simple_present+transitive
expects	expect	verb:simple_present+transitive
expected	expect	verb:simple_past+transitive
expected	expect	verb:past_participle+transitive
expecting	expect	verb:present_participle+transitive
excess	excess	noun
erinaceous	erinaceous	adjective
external	external	adjective
engross	engross	verb:simple_present+transitive
engrosss	engross	verb:simple_present+transitive
engrossed	engross	verb:simple_past+transitive
engrossed	engross	verb:past_participle+transitive
engrossing	engross	verb:present_participle+transitive
engrossing	engross	verb:present_participle
edutainment	edutainment	noun
excision	excision	noun
exiguous	exiguous	adjective
elementary	elementary	adjective
econometrics	econometrics	noun
endive	endive	noun
escapee	escapee	noun
escapees	escapee	noun:plural
eisteddfod	eisteddfod	proper noun
entice	entice	verb:simple_present+transitive
entices	entice	verb:simple_present+transitive
enticed	entice	verb:simple_past+transitive
enticed	entice	verb:past_participle+transitive
enticing	entice	verb:present_participle+transitive
Eid	Eid	noun
Eris	Eris	proper noun
exy	exy	adjective
exempt	exempt	verb:simple_present+transitive
exempts	exempt	verb:simple_present+transitive
exempted	exempt	verb:simple_past+transitive
exempted	exempt	verb:past_participle+transitive
exempting	exempt	verb:present_participle+transitive
exempt	exempt	noun
e-commerce	e-commerce	noun
effective	effective	adjective
e-business	e-business	noun
e-business	e-business	adjective
educator	educator	noun
efface	efface	verb:simple_present+transitive
effaces	efface	verb:simple_present+transitive
effaced	efface	verb:simple_past+transitive
effaced	efface	verb:past_participle+transitive
effacing	efface	verb:present_participle+transitive
extend	extend	verb:simple_present+
extends	extend	verb:simple_present+
extended	extend	verb:simple_past+
extended	extend	verb:past_participle+
extending	extend	verb:present_participle+
extending	extend	verb:present_participle
eulogy	eulogy	noun
eulogist	eulogist	noun
exponential	exponential	adjective
exponent	exponent	noun
exponentially	exponentially	adverbe
enema	enema	noun
enemas	enema	noun:plural
eira	eira	noun
equilibrium	equilibrium	noun
exhibition	exhibition	noun
establishment	establishment	noun
engineer	engineer	noun
engineer	engineer	verb:simple_present+
engineers	engineer	verb:simple_present+
engineered	engineer	verb:simple_past+
engineered	engineer	verb:past_participle+
engineering	engineer	verb:present_participle+
engineering	engineer	verb:present_participle
erotic	erotic	adjective
eponymous	eponymous	adjective
ecstasy	ecstasy	noun
ecstasies	ecstasy	noun:plural
edema	edema	noun
edemas	edema	noun:plural
enchiridion	enchiridion	noun
enthalpy	enthalpy	noun
entomology	entomology	noun
epidermis	epidermis	noun
epistle	epistle	noun
epithet	epithet	noun
ergonomic	ergonomic	adjective
ethos	ethos	noun
euthenasia	euthenasia	noun
egotistic	egotistic	adjective
easel	easel	noun
easels	easel	noun:plural
exam	exam	noun
evidential	evidential	adjective
enturbulate	enturbulate	verb:simple_present+
enturbulates	enturbulate	verb:simple_present+
enturbulated	enturbulate	verb:simple_past+
enturbulated	enturbulate	verb:past_participle+
enturbulating	enturbulate	verb:present_participle+
enturbulate	enturbulate	adjective
excogitate	excogitate	verb:simple_present+transitive
excogitates	excogitate	verb:simple_present+transitive
excogitated	excogitate	verb:simple_past+transitive
excogitated	excogitate	verb:past_participle+transitive
excogitating	excogitate	verb:present_participle+transitive
exuviate	exuviate	verb:simple_present+transitive
exuviates	exuviate	verb:simple_present+transitive
exuviated	exuviate	verb:simple_past+transitive
exuviated	exuviate	verb:past_participle+transitive
exuviating	exuviate	verb:present_participle+transitive
exuviate	exuviate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
exuviates	exuviate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
exuviated	exuviate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
exuviated	exuviate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
exuviating	exuviate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
exuviate	exuviate	noun
exuviae	exuviae	adjective
emmenagogue	emmenagogue	noun
ecstatic	ecstatic	adjective
extremely	extremely	adverbe
eisegesis	eisegesis	noun
effete	effete	adjective
epopt	epopt	noun
epopt	epopt	adjective
epopteia	epopteia	noun
embodiment	embodiment	noun
epicene	epicene	adjective
epicene	epicene	noun
encompass	encompass	verb:simple_present+transitive
encompasss	encompass	verb:simple_present+transitive
encompassed	encompass	verb:simple_past+transitive
encompassed	encompass	verb:past_participle+transitive
encompassing	encompass	verb:present_participle+transitive
encompassing	encompass	verb:present_participle
elated	elated	adjective
endomysium	endomysium	noun
epimysium	epimysium	noun
easily	easily	adverbe
echidna	echidna	noun
echidnas	echidna	noun:plural
echidna	echidna	proper noun
ethanol	ethanol	noun
enrapture	enrapture	verb:simple_present+
enraptures	enrapture	verb:simple_present+
enraptured	enrapture	verb:simple_past+
enraptured	enrapture	verb:past_participle+
enrapturing	enrapture	verb:present_participle+
etymological	etymological	adjective
etymologically	etymologically	adverbe
Euro-member	Euro-member	adjective
Eurotrash	Eurotrash	noun
economic	economic	adjective
Etruscan	Etruscan	adjective
Etruscans	Etruscan	adjective:plural
Etruscan	Etruscan	proper noun
emergency	emergency	noun
emergency	emergency	adjective
extracellular	extracellular	adjective
extinct	extinct	adjective
extrapolate	extrapolate	verb:simple_present+transitive
extrapolates	extrapolate	verb:simple_present+transitive
extrapolated	extrapolate	verb:simple_past+transitive
extrapolated	extrapolate	verb:past_participle+transitive
extrapolating	extrapolate	verb:present_participle+transitive
eggnog	eggnog	noun
economize	economize	verb:simple_present+transitive
economizes	economize	verb:simple_present+transitive
economized	economize	verb:simple_past+transitive
economized	economize	verb:past_participle+transitive
economizing	economize	verb:present_participle+transitive
extravagance	extravagance	noun
extravagances	extravagance	noun:plural
expanse	expanse	noun
eyed	eyed	adjective
eyed	eyed	verb:simple_present+transitive
eyeds	eyed	verb:simple_present+transitive
eyeded	eyed	verb:simple_past+transitive
eyeded	eyed	verb:past_participle+transitive
eyeding	eyed	verb:present_participle+transitive
engage	engage	verb:simple_present+
engages	engage	verb:simple_present+
engaged	engage	verb:simple_past+
engaged	engage	verb:past_participle+
engaging	engage	verb:present_participle+
elder	elder	adjective
elder	elder	noun
expected	expected	adjective
ecliptic	ecliptic	noun
exoskeleton	exoskeleton	noun
engulf	engulf	verb:simple_present+
engulfs	engulf	verb:simple_present+
engulfed	engulf	verb:simple_past+
engulfed	engulf	verb:past_participle+
engulfing	engulf	verb:present_participle+
executive	executive	adjective
executive	executive	noun
extrinsic	extrinsic	adjective
Einstein	Einstein	proper noun
Einsteins	Einstein	proper noun:plural
eyesight	eyesight	noun
ex-directory	ex-directory	adjective
Echinacea	Echinacea	noun
enhance	enhance	verb:simple_present+transitive
enhances	enhance	verb:simple_present+transitive
enhanced	enhance	verb:simple_past+transitive
enhanced	enhance	verb:past_participle+transitive
enhancing	enhance	verb:present_participle+transitive
Easter	Easter	noun
excel	excel	verb:simple_present+transitive
excels	excel	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	excel	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	excel	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	excel	verb:present_participle+transitive
excelling	excel	verb:present_participle
excel	excel	verb:simple_present+intransitive
excels	excel	verb:simple_present+intransitive
???	excel	verb:simple_past+intransitive
???	excel	verb:past_participle+intransitive
???	excel	verb:present_participle+intransitive
excel	excel	proper noun
Eastertide	Eastertide	noun
embalm	embalm	verb:simple_present+transitive
embalms	embalm	verb:simple_present+transitive
embalmed	embalm	verb:simple_past+transitive
embalmed	embalm	verb:past_participle+transitive
embalming	embalm	verb:present_participle+transitive
embalming	embalm	verb:present_participle
edition	edition	noun
editions	edition	noun:plural
etymologist	etymologist	noun
easier	easier	adjective
evoke	evoke	verb:simple_present+
evokes	evoke	verb:simple_present+
evoked	evoke	verb:simple_past+
evoked	evoke	verb:past_participle+
evoking	evoke	verb:present_participle+
epicentre	epicentre	noun
earshot	earshot	noun
emphasize	emphasize	verb:simple_present+transitive
emphasizes	emphasize	verb:simple_present+transitive
emphasized	emphasize	verb:simple_past+transitive
emphasized	emphasize	verb:past_participle+transitive
emphasizing	emphasize	verb:present_participle+transitive
emphasis	emphasis	noun
emphases	emphasis	noun:plural
enlightened	enlightened	adjective
enlightened	enlightened	noun
enlightened	enlightened	proper noun
expropriated	expropriated	verb:simple_present+
expropriateds	expropriated	verb:simple_present+
???	expropriated	verb:simple_past+
???	expropriated	verb:past_participle+
???	expropriated	verb:present_participle+
encourage	encourage	verb:simple_present+transitive
encourages	encourage	verb:simple_present+transitive
encouraged	encourage	verb:simple_past+transitive
encouraged	encourage	verb:past_participle+transitive
encouraging	encourage	verb:present_participle+transitive
exhort	exhort	verb:simple_present+
exhorts	exhort	verb:simple_present+
exhorted	exhort	verb:simple_past+
exhorted	exhort	verb:past_participle+
exhorting	exhort	verb:present_participle+
endearment	endearment	noun
endear	endear	verb:simple_present+
endears	endear	verb:simple_present+
endeared	endear	verb:simple_past+
endeared	endear	verb:past_participle+
endearing	endear	verb:present_participle+
elderly	elderly	adjective
ecclesiastical	ecclesiastical	adjective
Eukaryota	Eukaryota	proper noun
enchantment	enchantment	noun
erroneous	erroneous	adjective
essentially	essentially	adverbe
Eumetazoa	Eumetazoa	proper noun
espouse	espouse	verb:simple_present+
espouses	espouse	verb:simple_present+
espoused	espouse	verb:simple_past+
espoused	espouse	verb:past_participle+
espousing	espouse	verb:present_participle+
ethnocentrism	ethnocentrism	noun
euripides	euripides	noun
externalism	externalism	noun
Echinodermata	Echinodermata	proper noun
Ethniu	Ethniu	proper noun
enigmatology	enigmatology	noun
expurgate	expurgate	verb:simple_present+transitive
expurgates	expurgate	verb:simple_present+transitive
expurgated	expurgate	verb:simple_past+transitive
expurgated	expurgate	verb:past_participle+transitive
expurgating	expurgate	verb:present_participle+transitive
enclose	enclose	verb:simple_present+transitive
encloses	enclose	verb:simple_present+transitive
enclosed	enclose	verb:simple_past+transitive
enclosed	enclose	verb:past_participle+transitive
enclosing	enclose	verb:present_participle+transitive
exonerate	exonerate	verb:simple_present+transitive
exonerates	exonerate	verb:simple_present+transitive
exonerated	exonerate	verb:simple_past+transitive
exonerated	exonerate	verb:past_participle+transitive
exonerating	exonerate	verb:present_participle+transitive
ember	ember	noun
embers	ember	noun:plural
emaciated	emaciated	adjective
emmet	emmet	noun
emmets	emmet	noun:plural
enthusiast	enthusiast	noun
Eurozone	Eurozone	noun
endopterygota	endopterygota	proper noun
escalator	escalator	noun
Eileen	Eileen	proper noun
eiscir	eiscir	noun
eascrach	eascrach	noun
eascracha	eascracha	noun
err	err	verb:simple_present+intransitive
errs	err	verb:simple_present+intransitive
erred	err	verb:simple_past+intransitive
erred	err	verb:past_participle+intransitive
erring	err	verb:present_participle+intransitive
elm	elm	noun
elms	elm	noun:plural
entitle	entitle	verb:simple_present+
entitles	entitle	verb:simple_present+
entitled	entitle	verb:simple_past+
entitled	entitle	verb:past_participle+
entitling	entitle	verb:present_participle+
exterminate	exterminate	verb:simple_present+
exterminates	exterminate	verb:simple_present+
exterminated	exterminate	verb:simple_past+
exterminated	exterminate	verb:past_participle+
exterminating	exterminate	verb:present_participle+
erratic	erratic	adjective
erratic	erratic	adverbe
efektigar	efektigar	verb:simple_present+
efektigars	efektigar	verb:simple_present+
???	efektigar	verb:simple_past+
???	efektigar	verb:past_participle+
???	efektigar	verb:present_participle+
etude	etude	noun
euonym	euonym	noun
e-book	e-book	noun
esto	esto	noun
etendue	etendue	noun
evidenta	evidenta	adjective
encryption	encryption	noun
exception	exception	noun
exceptions	exception	noun:plural
Eubacteria	Eubacteria	proper noun
eraser	eraser	noun
effectively	effectively	adverbe
exterlande	exterlande	adverbe
effulgent	effulgent	adjective
engaged	engaged	adjective
eating	eating	adjective
eating	eating	noun
engraving	engraving	noun
extracurricular	extracurricular	adjective
educational	educational	adjective
entirely	entirely	adverbe
exclusion	exclusion	noun
Egiptia	Egiptia	proper noun
elektro	elektro	noun
Elasmobranchii	Elasmobranchii	proper noun
Erc	Erc	proper noun
Emacs	Emacs	proper noun
earring	earring	noun
erstwhile	erstwhile	adjective
erstwhile	erstwhile	adverbe
ensorcell	ensorcell	verb:simple_present+transitive
ensorcells	ensorcell	verb:simple_present+transitive
ensorcelled	ensorcell	verb:simple_past+transitive
ensorcelled	ensorcell	verb:past_participle+transitive
ensorcelling	ensorcell	verb:present_participle+transitive
entrench	entrench	verb:simple_present+
entrenchs	entrench	verb:simple_present+
entrenched	entrench	verb:simple_past+
entrenched	entrench	verb:past_participle+
entrenching	entrench	verb:present_participle+
endorse	endorse	verb:simple_present+
endorses	endorse	verb:simple_present+
endorsed	endorse	verb:simple_past+
endorsed	endorse	verb:past_participle+
endorsing	endorse	verb:present_participle+
endorsement	endorsement	noun
efacar	efacar	verb:simple_present+
efacars	efacar	verb:simple_present+
???	efacar	verb:simple_past+
???	efacar	verb:past_participle+
???	efacar	verb:present_participle+
exclusivism	exclusivism	noun
Elysium	Elysium	proper noun
Elysium	Elysium	adjective
emblazon	emblazon	verb:simple_present+transitive
emblazons	emblazon	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	emblazon	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	emblazon	verb:past_participle+transitive
emblazoning	emblazon	verb:present_participle+transitive
emblazon	emblazon	noun
erect	erect	adjective
erect	erect	verb:simple_present+transitive
erects	erect	verb:simple_present+transitive
erected	erect	verb:simple_past+transitive
erected	erect	verb:past_participle+transitive
erecting	erect	verb:present_participle+transitive
epigone	epigone	noun
epigone	epigone	adjective
equipoise	equipoise	noun
equipoise	equipoise	verb:simple_present+transitive
equipoises	equipoise	verb:simple_present+transitive
equipoised	equipoise	verb:simple_past+transitive
equipoised	equipoise	verb:past_participle+transitive
equipoising	equipoise	verb:present_participle+transitive
euphonious	euphonious	adjective
euphonious	euphonious	noun
euphonious	euphonious	adverbe
erectile	erectile	adjective
excoriate	excoriate	verb:simple_present+transitive
excoriates	excoriate	verb:simple_present+transitive
excoriated	excoriate	verb:simple_past+transitive
excoriated	excoriate	verb:past_participle+transitive
excoriating	excoriate	verb:present_participle+transitive
excoriate	excoriate	noun
exculpate	exculpate	verb:simple_present+transitive
exculpates	exculpate	verb:simple_present+transitive
exculpated	exculpate	verb:simple_past+transitive
exculpated	exculpate	verb:past_participle+transitive
exculpating	exculpate	verb:present_participle+transitive
exigency	exigency	noun
entomb	entomb	verb:simple_present+transitive
entombs	entomb	verb:simple_present+transitive
entombed	entomb	verb:simple_past+transitive
entombed	entomb	verb:past_participle+transitive
entombing	entomb	verb:present_participle+transitive
evaluate	evaluate	verb:simple_present+
evaluates	evaluate	verb:simple_present+
evaluated	evaluate	verb:simple_past+
evaluated	evaluate	verb:past_participle+
evaluating	evaluate	verb:present_participle+
expiate	expiate	verb:simple_present+transitive
expiates	expiate	verb:simple_present+transitive
expiated	expiate	verb:simple_past+transitive
expiated	expiate	verb:past_participle+transitive
expiating	expiate	verb:present_participle+transitive
expiate	expiate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
expiates	expiate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
expiated	expiate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
expiated	expiate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
expiating	expiate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
expiate	expiate	noun
extirpate	extirpate	verb:simple_present+transitive
extirpates	extirpate	verb:simple_present+transitive
extirpated	extirpate	verb:simple_past+transitive
extirpated	extirpate	verb:past_participle+transitive
extirpating	extirpate	verb:present_participle+transitive
extirpate	extirpate	noun
extirpate	extirpate	adjective
excitement	excitement	noun
elvish	elvish	adjective
egad	egad	interjection
eluviation	eluviation	noun
extradition	extradition	noun
effervescent	effervescent	adjective
estival	estival	adjective
effing	effing	adjective
errors	errors	noun
emotional	emotional	adjective
elusive	elusive	noun
esp.	esp.	verb:simple_present+
esp.s	esp.	verb:simple_present+
esp.ed	esp.	verb:simple_past+
esp.ed	esp.	verb:past_participle+
esp.ing	esp.	verb:present_participle+
engrossing	engrossing	verb:simple_present+
engrossings	engrossing	verb:simple_present+
engrossinged	engrossing	verb:simple_past+
engrossinged	engrossing	verb:past_participle+
engrossinging	engrossing	verb:present_participle+
engrossing	engrossing	adjective
echolalia	echolalia	noun
echolalia	echolalia	adjective
e-dictionary	e-dictionary	noun
erratum	erratum	noun
errata	erratum	noun:plural
erupt	erupt	verb:simple_present+
erupts	erupt	verb:simple_present+
erupted	erupt	verb:simple_past+
erupted	erupt	verb:past_participle+
erupting	erupt	verb:present_participle+
eruption	eruption	noun
episiotomy	episiotomy	noun
environmental	environmental	adjective
environmentally	environmentally	adverbe
encouraging	encouraging	adjective
encouraging	encouraging	verb:simple_present+
encouragings	encouraging	verb:simple_present+
encouraginged	encouraging	verb:simple_past+
encouraginged	encouraging	verb:past_participle+
encouraginging	encouraging	verb:present_participle+
epitomize	epitomize	verb:simple_present+
epitomizes	epitomize	verb:simple_present+
epitomized	epitomize	verb:simple_past+
epitomized	epitomize	verb:past_participle+
epitomizing	epitomize	verb:present_participle+
epitome	epitome	noun
epitomes	epitome	noun:plural
estranged	estranged	adjective
estranged	estranged	verb:simple_present+transitive
estrangeds	estranged	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	estranged	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	estranged	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	estranged	verb:present_participle+transitive
engagement	engagement	noun
exsanguination	exsanguination	noun
exoculate	exoculate	verb:simple_present+transitive
exoculates	exoculate	verb:simple_present+transitive
exoculated	exoculate	verb:simple_past+transitive
exoculated	exoculate	verb:past_participle+transitive
exoculating	exoculate	verb:present_participle+transitive
exfoliant	exfoliant	noun
ethylene	ethylene	noun
ethene	ethene	noun
ethyne	ethyne	noun
experimental	experimental	adjective
exclusively	exclusively	adverbe
explicitly	explicitly	adverbe
experimentally	experimentally	adverbe
exorable	exorable	adjective
edify	edify	verb:simple_present+
edifies	edify	verb:simple_present+
edified	edify	verb:simple_past+
edified	edify	verb:past_participle+
edifying	edify	verb:present_participle+
enantioner	enantioner	noun
erythema	erythema	adjective
earthhouse	earthhouse	noun
efficient	efficient	adjective
exalt	exalt	verb:simple_present+transitive
exalts	exalt	verb:simple_present+transitive
exalted	exalt	verb:simple_past+transitive
exalted	exalt	verb:past_participle+transitive
exalting	exalt	verb:present_participle+transitive
errant	errant	adjective
entelechy	entelechy	noun
exciting	exciting	noun
exciting	exciting	adjective
exiting	exiting	noun
evade	evade	verb:simple_present+
evades	evade	verb:simple_present+
evaded	evade	verb:simple_past+
evaded	evade	verb:past_participle+
evading	evade	verb:present_participle+
endocrinology	endocrinology	noun
enantiomer	enantiomer	noun
enantiomorph	enantiomorph	noun
erosion	erosion	noun
extrude	extrude	verb:simple_present+
extrudes	extrude	verb:simple_present+
extruded	extrude	verb:simple_past+
extruded	extrude	verb:past_participle+
extruding	extrude	verb:present_participle+
extrusion	extrusion	noun
elderberry	elderberry	noun
even-pinnate	even-pinnate	adjective
expedition	expedition	noun
expeditions	expedition	noun:plural
estrange	estrange	verb:simple_present+transitive
estranges	estrange	verb:simple_present+transitive
estranged	estrange	verb:simple_past+transitive
estranged	estrange	verb:past_participle+transitive
estranging	estrange	verb:present_participle+transitive
enviable	enviable	adjective
enamoured	enamoured	adjective
ENIAC	ENIAC	proper noun
encrust	encrust	verb:simple_present+transitive
encrusts	encrust	verb:simple_present+transitive
encrusted	encrust	verb:simple_past+transitive
encrusted	encrust	verb:past_participle+transitive
encrusting	encrust	verb:present_participle+transitive
emergy	emergy	noun
expertise	expertise	noun
erpest	erpest	noun
extensively	extensively	adverbe
elitism	elitism	noun
elitist	elitist	adjective
elitist	elitist	noun
euhemerize	euhemerize	verb:simple_present+transitive
euhemerizes	euhemerize	verb:simple_present+transitive
euhemerized	euhemerize	verb:simple_past+transitive
euhemerized	euhemerize	verb:past_participle+transitive
euhemerizing	euhemerize	verb:present_participle+transitive
euhemeros	euhemeros	proper noun
electrode	electrode	noun
euphoric	euphoric	adjective
epistaxis	epistaxis	noun
esdras	esdras	proper noun
environmentalist	environmentalist	noun
extinguish	extinguish	verb:simple_present+transitive
extinguishs	extinguish	verb:simple_present+transitive
extinguished	extinguish	verb:simple_past+transitive
extinguished	extinguish	verb:past_participle+transitive
extinguishing	extinguish	verb:present_participle+transitive
ecosystem	ecosystem	noun
eugenicist	eugenicist	noun
eugenicists	eugenicist	noun:plural
Erika	Erika	proper noun
Eoarchean	Eoarchean	adjective
Eoarchean	Eoarchean	noun
expostulate	expostulate	verb:simple_present+
expostulates	expostulate	verb:simple_present+
expostulated	expostulate	verb:simple_past+
expostulated	expostulate	verb:past_participle+
expostulating	expostulate	verb:present_participle+
Ediacaran	Ediacaran	adjective
Ediacaran	Ediacaran	noun
Ectasian	Ectasian	adjective
Ectasian	Ectasian	noun
Eocene	Eocene	adjective
Eocene	Eocene	noun
extrapolation	extrapolation	noun
eleusinian	eleusinian	adjective
escalation	escalation	noun
elaborate	elaborate	adjective
elaborate	elaborate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
elaborates	elaborate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
elaborated	elaborate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
elaborated	elaborate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
elaborating	elaborate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
emerged	emerged	verb:simple_present+
emergeds	emerged	verb:simple_present+
???	emerged	verb:simple_past+
???	emerged	verb:past_participle+
???	emerged	verb:present_participle+
Eddie	Eddie	proper noun
Elephantidae	Elephantidae	proper noun
electrostatic	electrostatic	adjective
ecg	ecg	noun
exposure	exposure	noun
Eurasian	Eurasian	adjective
enzymatic	enzymatic	adjective
escargot	escargot	noun
explicit	explicit	adjective
epimetheus	epimetheus	proper noun
erato	erato	proper noun
Erinys	Erinys	proper noun
Euterpe	Euterpe	proper noun
etruria	etruria	proper noun
egosurfing	egosurfing	noun
Effie	Effie	proper noun
embezzlement	embezzlement	noun
esky	esky	noun
experiences	experiences	noun
ecumenical	ecumenical	adjective
emerge	emerge	verb:simple_present+intransitive
emerges	emerge	verb:simple_present+intransitive
emerged	emerge	verb:simple_past+intransitive
emerged	emerge	verb:past_participle+intransitive
emerging	emerge	verb:present_participle+intransitive
equatorial	equatorial	adjective
engineers	engineers	noun
ensheathe	ensheathe	verb:simple_present+transitive
ensheathes	ensheathe	verb:simple_present+transitive
ensheathed	ensheathe	verb:simple_past+transitive
ensheathed	ensheathe	verb:past_participle+transitive
ensheathing	ensheathe	verb:present_participle+transitive
epicycloid	epicycloid	noun
epicycloids	epicycloid	noun:plural
eggshell	eggshell	noun
eggshell	eggshell	adjective
eats	eats	noun
encircle	encircle	verb:simple_present+
encircles	encircle	verb:simple_present+
encircled	encircle	verb:simple_past+
encircled	encircle	verb:past_participle+
encircling	encircle	verb:present_participle+
engagor	engagor	noun
educate	educate	verb:simple_present+
educates	educate	verb:simple_present+
educated	educate	verb:simple_past+
educated	educate	verb:past_participle+
educating	educate	verb:present_participle+
e-rights	e-rights	noun
exclosure	exclosure	noun
exclave	exclave	noun
evasive	evasive	adjective
espionage	espionage	noun
essays	essays	noun
ew	ew	interjection
Edmund	Edmund	proper noun
embarrass	embarrass	verb:simple_present+transitive
embarrasss	embarrass	verb:simple_present+transitive
embarrassed	embarrass	verb:simple_past+transitive
embarrassed	embarrass	verb:past_participle+transitive
embarrassing	embarrass	verb:present_participle+transitive
errand	errand	noun
evilness	evilness	noun
Eugene	Eugene	proper noun
escalate	escalate	verb:simple_present+
escalates	escalate	verb:simple_present+
escalated	escalate	verb:simple_past+
escalated	escalate	verb:past_participle+
escalating	escalate	verb:present_participle+
ethical	ethical	adjective
ethical	ethical	noun
exorcism	exorcism	noun
exorcise	exorcise	verb:simple_present+transitive
exorcises	exorcise	verb:simple_present+transitive
exorcised	exorcise	verb:simple_past+transitive
exorcised	exorcise	verb:past_participle+transitive
exorcising	exorcise	verb:present_participle+transitive
exorcist	exorcist	noun
employer	employer	noun
employers	employer	noun:plural
ernest	ernest	proper noun
enskum	enskum	adjective
Euroconnector	Euroconnector	noun
excerpt	excerpt	noun
electoral	electoral	adjective
elector	elector	noun
exceed	exceed	verb:simple_present+
exceeds	exceed	verb:simple_present+
exceeded	exceed	verb:simple_past+
exceeded	exceed	verb:past_participle+
exceeding	exceed	verb:present_participle+
efficiency	efficiency	noun
equivalence	equivalence	noun
escutcheon	escutcheon	noun
espousal	espousal	noun
espial	espial	noun
espresso	espresso	noun
espressos	espresso	noun:plural
esprit	esprit	noun
escapement	escapement	noun
escapology	escapology	noun
escalade	escalade	noun
escalade	escalade	noun
erysipelas	erysipelas	noun
evangelistic	evangelistic	adjective
etsimeduw	etsimeduw	adjective
eugenic	eugenic	adjective
eurythmics	eurythmics	noun
eurythmy	eurythmy	noun
evacuant	evacuant	adjective
evanesce	evanesce	verb:simple_present+intransitive
evanesces	evanesce	verb:simple_present+intransitive
evanesced	evanesce	verb:simple_past+intransitive
evanesced	evanesce	verb:past_participle+intransitive
evanescing	evanesce	verb:present_participle+intransitive
evaginate	evaginate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
evaginates	evaginate	verb:simple_present+intransitive
evaginated	evaginate	verb:simple_past+intransitive
evaginated	evaginate	verb:past_participle+intransitive
evaginating	evaginate	verb:present_participle+intransitive
evaginate	evaginate	verb:simple_present+transitive
evaginates	evaginate	verb:simple_present+transitive
evaginated	evaginate	verb:simple_past+transitive
evaginated	evaginate	verb:past_participle+transitive
evaginating	evaginate	verb:present_participle+transitive
e-zine	e-zine	noun
evasion	evasion	noun
eupnea	eupnea	noun
euphony	euphony	noun
euphonies	euphony	noun:plural
Europeanize	Europeanize	verb:simple_present+transitive
Europeanizes	Europeanize	verb:simple_present+transitive
Europeanized	Europeanize	verb:simple_past+transitive
Europeanized	Europeanize	verb:past_participle+transitive
Europeanizing	Europeanize	verb:present_participle+transitive
euchre	euchre	noun
evaporite	evaporite	noun
euryhaline	euryhaline	adjective
eucaine	eucaine	noun
evaporable	evaporable	adjective
entrap	entrap	verb:simple_present+transitive
entraps	entrap	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	entrap	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	entrap	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	entrap	verb:present_participle+transitive
entrain	entrain	verb:simple_present+transitive
entrains	entrain	verb:simple_present+transitive
entrained	entrain	verb:simple_past+transitive
entrained	entrain	verb:past_participle+transitive
entraining	entrain	verb:present_participle+transitive
Eagle	Eagle	proper noun
Earnest	Earnest	proper noun
Ed	Ed	proper noun
Eddy	Eddy	proper noun
Eddys	Eddy	proper noun:plural
Eddy	Eddy	noun
Edo	Edo	noun
Elephas	Elephas	proper noun
Elite	Elite	proper noun
Emerald	Emerald	proper noun
Enlightenment	Enlightenment	noun
Enterprise	Enterprise	proper noun
Eric	Eric	proper noun
Eric	Eric	noun
Estonian	Estonian	noun
Estonian	Estonian	noun
Estonian	Estonian	adjective
Euro	Euro	noun
Euros	Euro	noun:plural
explanatory	explanatory	adjective
exhibitionism	exhibitionism	noun
ethmoid	ethmoid	adjective
ethmoid	ethmoid	noun
ellipses	ellipses	noun
excruciate	excruciate	verb:simple_present+transitive
excruciates	excruciate	verb:simple_present+transitive
excruciated	excruciate	verb:simple_past+transitive
excruciated	excruciate	verb:past_participle+transitive
excruciating	excruciate	verb:present_participle+transitive
excruciating	excruciating	adjective
embassy	embassy	noun
embassies	embassy	noun:plural
exasperated	exasperated	adjective
endearing	endearing	adjective
eccoccino	eccoccino	noun
eccoccinos	eccoccino	noun:plural
empirically	empirically	adverbe
easeful	easeful	adjective
espressivo	espressivo	adverbe
epistropheus	epistropheus	noun
empasm	empasm	noun
ecru	ecru	noun
ecru	ecru	adjective
electric-blue	electric-blue	noun
electric-blue	electric-blue	adjective
exigent	exigent	adjective
epithelium	epithelium	noun
epitheliums	epithelium	noun:plural
endothelium	endothelium	noun
Emily	Emily	proper noun
Emilys	Emily	proper noun:plural
eczema	eczema	noun
erose	erose	adjective
emergicenter	emergicenter	noun
Euro-sceptic	Euro-sceptic	noun
Euro-sceptic	Euro-sceptic	adjective
Euro-scepticism	Euro-scepticism	noun
Eurostar	Eurostar	noun
extra-virgin	extra-virgin	adjective
extra-virgin	extra-virgin	noun
extropy	extropy	noun
extropian	extropian	adjective
endless	endless	adjective
Ebola	Ebola	proper noun
epididymis	epididymis	noun
evilly	evilly	adverbe
effrontery	effrontery	noun
ectropion	ectropion	noun
evacipate	evacipate	verb:simple_present+
evacipates	evacipate	verb:simple_present+
evacipated	evacipate	verb:simple_past+
evacipated	evacipate	verb:past_participle+
evacipating	evacipate	verb:present_participle+
evacipate	evacipate	adjective
extance	extance	noun
extortion	extortion	noun
elpee	elpee	noun
escapade	escapade	noun
escapades	escapade	noun:plural
equality	equality	noun
equalities	equality	noun:plural
electrophoresis	electrophoresis	noun
encephalopathy	encephalopathy	noun
ekistics	ekistics	noun
etching	etching	noun
echelon	echelon	noun
emir	emir	noun
emirate	emirate	noun
edu	edu	noun
Epicureanism	Epicureanism	noun
euphroe	euphroe	noun
ensnare	ensnare	verb:simple_present+
ensnares	ensnare	verb:simple_present+
ensnared	ensnare	verb:simple_past+
ensnared	ensnare	verb:past_participle+
ensnaring	ensnare	verb:present_participle+
egregion	egregion	noun
egregions	egregion	noun:plural
eloquent	eloquent	adjective
enthrone	enthrone	verb:simple_present+transitive
enthrones	enthrone	verb:simple_present+transitive
enthroned	enthrone	verb:simple_past+transitive
enthroned	enthrone	verb:past_participle+transitive
enthroning	enthrone	verb:present_participle+transitive
endemicity	endemicity	noun
emission	emission	noun
emissions	emission	noun:plural
escheat	escheat	noun
escheat	escheat	verb:simple_present+
escheats	escheat	verb:simple_present+
escheated	escheat	verb:simple_past+
escheated	escheat	verb:past_participle+
escheating	escheat	verb:present_participle+
Edith	Edith	proper noun
exclaimed	exclaimed	verb:simple_present+
exclaimeds	exclaimed	verb:simple_present+
???	exclaimed	verb:simple_past+
???	exclaimed	verb:past_participle+
???	exclaimed	verb:present_participle+
exclaim	exclaim	verb:simple_present+
exclaims	exclaim	verb:simple_present+
exclaimed	exclaim	verb:simple_past+
exclaimed	exclaim	verb:past_participle+
exclaiming	exclaim	verb:present_participle+
exclaim	exclaim	noun
exclaims	exclaim	noun:plural
encore	encore	noun
e-journal	e-journal	noun
evidently	evidently	adverbe
ears	ears	noun
expenses	expenses	noun
evolutionary	evolutionary	adjective
electronically	electronically	adverbe
exceedingly	exceedingly	adverbe
eagerly	eagerly	adverbe
embolus	embolus	noun
embolism	embolism	noun
electrocardiogram	electrocardiogram	noun
electrocardiograph	electrocardiograph	noun
embryology	embryology	noun
elliptical	elliptical	adjective
embryonic	embryonic	adjective
embryogenesis	embryogenesis	noun
euphonic	euphonic	adjective
emotionally	emotionally	adverbe
emphatic	emphatic	adjective
expellee	expellee	noun
economist	economist	noun
eavesdrop	eavesdrop	verb:simple_present+
eavesdrops	eavesdrop	verb:simple_present+
???	eavesdrop	verb:simple_past+
???	eavesdrop	verb:past_participle+
???	eavesdrop	verb:present_participle+
eavesdropping	eavesdrop	verb:present_participle
encouragement	encouragement	noun
equip	equip	verb:simple_present+transitive
equips	equip	verb:simple_present+transitive
equiped	equip	verb:simple_past+transitive
equiped	equip	verb:past_participle+transitive
equiping	equip	verb:present_participle+transitive
equipping	equip	verb:present_participle
enliven	enliven	verb:simple_present+
enlivens	enliven	verb:simple_present+
enlivened	enliven	verb:simple_past+
enlivened	enliven	verb:past_participle+
enlivening	enliven	verb:present_participle+
endocrine	endocrine	adjective
endocrine	endocrine	noun
endocrines	endocrine	noun:plural
enquiry	enquiry	noun
equivocate	equivocate	verb:simple_present+
equivocates	equivocate	verb:simple_present+
equivocated	equivocate	verb:simple_past+
equivocated	equivocate	verb:past_participle+
equivocating	equivocate	verb:present_participle+
exocrine	exocrine	adjective
entomologist	entomologist	noun
endocardium	endocardium	noun
embrasure	embrasure	noun
Eurasia	Eurasia	proper noun
ectoplasm	ectoplasm	noun
erotomania	erotomania	noun
earthenware	earthenware	noun
elevenses	elevenses	noun
electromotive	electromotive	adjective
electrochemical	electrochemical	adjective
electrolyte	electrolyte	noun
enthrall	enthrall	verb:simple_present+transitive
enthralls	enthrall	verb:simple_present+transitive
enthralled	enthrall	verb:simple_past+transitive
enthralled	enthrall	verb:past_participle+transitive
enthralling	enthrall	verb:present_participle+transitive
examined	examined	verb:simple_present+
examineds	examined	verb:simple_present+
???	examined	verb:simple_past+
???	examined	verb:past_participle+
???	examined	verb:present_participle+
enabled	enabled	verb:simple_present+
enableds	enabled	verb:simple_present+
???	enabled	verb:simple_past+
???	enabled	verb:past_participle+
???	enabled	verb:present_participle+
entertained	entertained	verb:simple_present+
entertaineds	entertained	verb:simple_present+
???	entertained	verb:simple_past+
???	entertained	verb:past_participle+
???	entertained	verb:present_participle+
erected	erected	verb:simple_present+
erecteds	erected	verb:simple_present+
???	erected	verb:simple_past+
???	erected	verb:past_participle+
???	erected	verb:present_participle+
enable	enable	verb:simple_present+
enables	enable	verb:simple_present+
enabled	enable	verb:simple_past+
enabled	enable	verb:past_participle+
enabling	enable	verb:present_participle+
elegist	elegist	noun
exquisite	exquisite	adjective
Earthshine	Earthshine	noun
earthlight	earthlight	noun
ethologist	ethologist	noun
entotic	entotic	adjective
embrown	embrown	verb:simple_present+
embrowns	embrown	verb:simple_present+
embrowned	embrown	verb:simple_past+
embrowned	embrown	verb:past_participle+
embrowning	embrown	verb:present_participle+
epicyclic	epicyclic	adjective
epicycle	epicycle	noun
extort	extort	verb:simple_present+transitive
extorts	extort	verb:simple_present+transitive
extorted	extort	verb:simple_past+transitive
extorted	extort	verb:past_participle+transitive
extorting	extort	verb:present_participle+transitive
extorting	extort	verb:present_participle
encrimson	encrimson	verb:simple_present+transitive
encrimsons	encrimson	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	encrimson	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	encrimson	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	encrimson	verb:present_participle+transitive
elongated	elongated	adjective
Euclidean	Euclidean	adjective
engrave	engrave	verb:simple_present+transitive
engraves	engrave	verb:simple_present+transitive
engraved	engrave	verb:simple_past+transitive
engraved	engrave	verb:past_participle+transitive
engraving	engrave	verb:present_participle+transitive
earnestly	earnestly	adverbe
epigraphist	epigraphist	noun
Einsteinian	Einsteinian	adjective
extradimensional	extradimensional	adjective
expedient	expedient	adjective
expedient	expedient	noun
empathy	empathy	noun
enclave	enclave	noun
enclaves	enclave	noun:plural
easternmost	easternmost	adjective
emulsion	emulsion	noun
ef	ef	noun
expeditious	expeditious	adjective
emotionalism	emotionalism	noun
extremum	extremum	noun
extremums	extremum	noun:plural
eyetooth	eyetooth	noun
enqueue	enqueue	verb:simple_present+transitive
enqueues	enqueue	verb:simple_present+transitive
enqueued	enqueue	verb:simple_past+transitive
enqueued	enqueue	verb:past_participle+transitive
enqueuing	enqueue	verb:present_participle+transitive
enclosed	enclosed	adjective
enclosed	enclosed	verb:simple_present+
encloseds	enclosed	verb:simple_present+
???	enclosed	verb:simple_past+
???	enclosed	verb:past_participle+
???	enclosed	verb:present_participle+
Evo	Evo	noun
envelop	envelop	verb:simple_present+transitive
envelops	envelop	verb:simple_present+transitive
???	envelop	verb:simple_past+transitive
???	envelop	verb:past_participle+transitive
???	envelop	verb:present_participle+transitive
encomiastic	encomiastic	adjective
encomiast	encomiast	noun
exedra	exedra	noun
etsuru	etsuru	adjective
estrenar	estrenar	verb:simple_present+
estrenars	estrenar	verb:simple_present+
???	estrenar	verb:simple_past+
???	estrenar	verb:past_participle+
???	estrenar	verb:present_participle+
essayist	essayist	noun
effluent	effluent	noun
eThekwini	eThekwini	proper noun
Ebro	Ebro	proper noun
estoppel	estoppel	noun
exasperate	exasperate	verb:simple_present+
exasperates	exasperate	verb:simple_present+
exasperated	exasperate	verb:simple_past+
exasperated	exasperate	verb:past_participle+
exasperating	exasperate	verb:present_participle+
epicaricacy	epicaricacy	adjective
extemporize	extemporize	verb:simple_present+
extemporizes	extemporize	verb:simple_present+
extemporized	extemporize	verb:simple_past+
extemporized	extemporize	verb:past_participle+
extemporizing	extemporize	verb:present_participle+
eGoli	eGoli	proper noun
encounter	encounter	noun
encounter	encounter	verb:simple_present+
encounters	encounter	verb:simple_present+
???	encounter	verb:simple_past+
???	encounter	verb:past_participle+
???	encounter	verb:present_participle+
encumbrance	encumbrance	noun
emmetropia	emmetropia	noun
extrasensory	extrasensory	adjective
extra-sensory	extra-sensory	noun
each	each	determiner
every	every	determiner
each	each	determiner
every	every	determiner
